This discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes for the year ended August 29, 2024. All period references are to our fiscal periods unless otherwise indicated. Our fiscal year is the 52 or 53-week period ending on the Thursday closest to August 31. Fiscal 2024, 2023, and 2022 each contained 52 weeks. All tabular dollar amounts are in millions, except per share amounts.

Overview

For an overview of our business, see "Part I - Item 1. Business - Overview."

Industry Conditions

Throughout 2024, we experienced substantial improvements in pricing and margins. Increasing demand growth, driven in part by deployment of AI and mostly normal customer inventories, combined with industry-wide supply discipline, resulted in an industry supply and demand balance that substantially improved from 2023 conditions. We executed well on pricing and improved our financial performance significantly from the start of the year. We are exiting the year with excellent momentum and an industry-leading product portfolio.

In contrast, 2023 was a year of weak memory and storage industry demand in many end markets, stemming from global macroeconomic challenges and customer actions to reduce inventory levels. These conditions, which began in the fourth quarter of 2022 and persisted into early 2024, led to significant reductions in average selling prices for both DRAM and NAND and reductions in bit shipments for DRAM. We experienced declines in revenue across all our business segments and nearly all our end markets throughout 2023. Also in 2023, China's Cyberspace Administration (the "CAC") conducted a cybersecurity review of our products sold in China and decided that our products presented a cybersecurity risk. The CAC determined that critical information infrastructure operators in China may not purchase Micron products. The CAC decision has impacted our business, particularly in the domestic data center and networking markets in China, and we have been working to mitigate that impact. Our goal is to retain our worldwide DRAM and NAND market share.

In manufacturing, we have been fully utilized throughout most of 2024 on our high-volume manufacturing nodes where we are maximizing output against our current capacity, which we have proactively, structurally lowered. Beginning in the latter part of 2022, we reduced capital expenditures and wafer starts for both DRAM and NAND in response to challenging market conditions and increased levels of our inventories. In addition, to improve capital efficiency, we redeployed equipment from older technology nodes to support conversions to leading-edge nodes. Since the number of wafer processing steps is higher for leading-edge nodes, this approach has resulted in a meaningful structural reduction in DRAM and NAND wafer capacity. We believe this approach to node migration and consequent wafer capacity reduction was adopted across the industry. We recognized period costs from fabrication facility underutilization of $382 million in 2023 and $165 million in the first quarter of 2024 due to wafer start reductions. Subsequently, fabrication facility underutilization was reduced and principally related to legacy manufacturing capacity. Accordingly, 2024 period costs beyond the first quarter were not significant.

In connection with improved 2024 market conditions, we reinstated our bonuses and phased out certain other temporary cost-saving measures that were implemented in 2023. We took significant steps in 2023 to reduce our costs and operating expenses, both on a temporary and ongoing structural basis. These measures included the 2023 Restructure Plan, as well as implementing productivity programs, suspension of our 2023 bonus, reductions in select product programs, lower discretionary spending, and cuts to 2023 executive salaries. Under the 2023 Restructure Plan, we reduced our headcount by approximately 15% by the end of calendar 2023, through a combination of voluntary attrition and personnel reductions. We incurred restructure charges of $171 million in 2023 primarily related to employee severance costs. The 2023 Restructure Plan, which was substantially completed in 2023, yielded estimated cost savings of approximately $130 million per quarter (approximately 60% in cost of goods sold, 30% in R&D, and 10% in SG&A) subsequent to 2023.

Results of Operations

Consolidated Results

Total Revenue: Total revenue for 2024 and 2023 was impacted by the factors described in the section titled "Industry Conditions" above. These conditions drove a recovery of average selling prices throughout 2024 after significant declines in average selling prices throughout 2023.

Total revenue for 2024 increased 62% as compared to 2023 primarily due to increases in sales of both DRAM and NAND products.
• Sales of DRAM products increased 60% primarily due to a mid-40% range increase in bit shipments and a low-teen percentage range increase in average selling prices.
• Sales of NAND products increased 72% primarily due to a low-30% range increase in bit shipments and a low-30% percentage range increase in average selling prices.

Total revenue for 2023 decreased 49% as compared to 2022 primarily due to decreases in sales of both DRAM and NAND products.
• Sales of DRAM products decreased 51% primarily due to a high-40% range decline in average selling prices and decreases in bit shipments in the high-single-digit percent range.
• Sales of NAND products decreased 46% primarily due to a low-50% range decline in average selling prices partially offset by increases in bit shipments in the high-single-digit percent range.

Consolidated Gross Margin:Our consolidated gross margin has been impacted by the factors described in the section titled "Industry Conditions" above and inventory write-downs in 2023 as detailed in the table below. Our consolidated gross margin percentage improved to 22% for 2024 from negative 9% for 2023, as a result of improvements in margins for both DRAM and NAND products, primarily due to increases in average selling prices, and manufacturing cost reductions, the effects of charges to write down inventories to their NRV in 2023 and lower costs in 2024 from the sale of inventories written down in 2023 (as detailed in "Inventory NRV write-downs" below).

Our consolidated gross margin percentage decreased to negative 9% for 2023 from 45% for 2022 primarily due to declines in average selling prices for both DRAM and NAND, charges to write down inventories, and $382 million of facility underutilization costs in 2023.

Inventory NRV write-downs:Our consolidated gross margin was impacted by charges in 2023 to write down inventories to their estimated NRV as a result of declines in average selling prices for both DRAM and NAND. As charges to write down inventories are recorded in advance of when inventories are sold, costs of goods sold in subsequent periods were lower than they otherwise would be. The impact of inventory NRV write-downs for each period reflects (1) inventory write-downs in that period, offset by (2) lower costs in that period on the sale of inventory written down in prior periods. The impacts of inventory NRV write-downs are summarized below:

Revenue by Business Unit

Percentages of total revenue may not total 100% due to rounding.

Changes in revenue for each business unit for 2024 as compared to 2023 were as follows:
• CNBU revenue increased 67% driven by increases in bit shipments and DRAM average selling prices.
• MBU revenue increased 75% primarily due to increases in average selling prices and bit shipments for both mobile DRAM and NAND.
• EBU revenue increased 27% primarily due to increases in bit shipments, partially offset by declines in average selling prices.
• SBU revenue increased 80% primarily due to increases in average selling prices and bit shipments.

Changes in revenue for each business unit for 2023 as compared to 2022 were as follows:
• CNBU revenue decreased 58% primarily due to declines in average selling prices for DRAM and decreases in bit shipments.
• MBU revenue decreased 50% primarily due to declines in average selling prices for both DRAM and NAND and decreases in NAND bit shipments.
• EBU revenue decreased 31% primarily due to declines in average selling prices for both DRAM and NAND and decreases in bit shipments.
• SBU revenue decreased 44% primarily due to declines in average selling prices for NAND partially offset by increases in bit shipments.

Operating Income (Loss) by Business Unit

Percentages reflect operating income (loss) as a percentage of revenue for each business unit.

Changes in operating income or loss for each business unit for 2024 as compared to 2023 were as follows:
• CNBU operating income (loss) improved primarily due to higher bit shipments, increases in average selling prices, and cost reductions, partially offset by higher R&D expenses.
• MBU operating income (loss) improved primarily due to increases in average selling prices, higher bit shipments, and cost reductions.
• EBU operating income decreased primarily due to declines in average selling prices, partially offset by higher bit shipments and cost reductions.
• SBU operating income (loss) improved primarily due to increases in average selling prices, higher bit shipments, and cost reductions, partially offset by higher R&D expenses.

Changes in operating income or loss for each business unit for 2023 as compared to 2022 were as follows:
• CNBU operating income (loss) deteriorated primarily due to declines in average selling prices and lower bit shipments.
• MBU operating income (loss) deteriorated primarily due to declines in average selling prices and lower NAND bit shipments.
• EBU operating income decreased primarily due to declines in average selling prices and lower bit shipments.
• SBU operating income (loss) deteriorated primarily due to declines in average selling prices.

Operating Expenses and Other

Research and Development: R&D expenses vary primarily with the number of development and pre-qualification wafers processed, the cost of advanced equipment dedicated to new product and process development, and personnel costs. Because of the lead times necessary to manufacture our products, we typically begin to process wafers before completion of performance and reliability testing. Development of a product is deemed complete when it is qualified through internal reviews and tests for performance and reliability. R&D expenses can vary significantly depending on the timing of product qualification.

R&D expenses for 2024 increased 10% as compared to 2023 primarily due to an increase in employee compensation and higher volumes of development and prequalification wafers, partially offset by an increase in government incentives. R&D expenses for 2023 were relatively unchanged as compared to 2022 as decreases in employee compensation were offset by higher depreciation expense.

Selling, General, and Administrative: SG&A expenses for 2024 increased 23% as compared to 2023 primarily due to an increase in employee compensation. SG&A expenses for 2023 were 14% lower as compared to 2022 primarily due to decreases in employee compensation, legal fees, advertising, and professional services.

Interest Income (Expense), Net: Interest income (expense) deteriorated for 2024 as compared to 2023 primarily due to increases in interest expense as a result of higher interest rates on our debt, partially offset by increases in interest income due to higher interest rates on our cash and investments. Interest income (expense) improved for 2023 as compared to 2022 primarily as a result of increases in interest income due to higher interest rates on our cash and investments, partially offset by increases in interest expense due to higher debt balances and interest rates on our debt.

Income Taxes: Our income tax (provision) benefit consisted of the following: The change in our effective tax rate for 2024 as compared to 2023 was primarily due to changes in profitability. The change in our effective tax rate for 2023 as compared to 2022 was primarily due to a pre-tax loss in 2023. Despite a consolidated pre-tax loss on a worldwide basis in 2023, we had taxes payable in certain geographies due to minimum taxable income reportable in those geographies.

We operate in a number of jurisdictions outside the United States, including Singapore, where we have tax incentive arrangements. These incentives expire, in whole or in part, at various dates through 2034 and are conditional, in part, upon meeting certain business operations and employment thresholds. As a result of the low level of profitability and jurisdictional mix of income, the benefit from tax incentive arrangements was not material for 2024 or 2023. The effect of tax incentive arrangements reduced our tax provision by $1.12 billion (benefiting our diluted earnings per share by $1.00) for 2022.

Further changes in the tax laws of foreign jurisdictions could arise as a result of the base erosion and profit shifting project, including Pillar Two Model Rules ("Pillar Two"), undertaken by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ("OECD"). Nearly all European Union member states have enacted the Pillar Two legislation, which will be effective for us in 2025. While we do not expect these enacted laws to materially impact our effective tax rate for 2025, additional countries where we operate, including Singapore, have announced plans to adopt Pillar Two legislation. Enactment of this legislation would become effective for us in 2026 and significantly increase our tax expense.

Various tax reforms are being considered in multiple jurisdictions that, if enacted, contain provisions that could materially impact our tax expense. We continue to monitor the potential impact of these various tax reform proposals to our overall global effective tax rate and financial statements.

Other:Further information can be found in the following notes contained in "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements":
• Equity Compensation Plans
• Restructure and Asset Impairments
• Other Operating (Income) Expense, Net
• Income Taxes

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Our primary sources of liquidity are cash generated from operations and financing obtained from capital markets and financial institutions. Cash generated from operations is highly dependent on selling prices for our products, which can vary significantly from period to period. Cash and marketable investments totaled $9.15 billion as of August 29, 2024, and $10.44 billion as of August 31, 2023. Our cash and investments consist primarily of bank deposits, money market funds, and liquid investment-grade, fixed-income securities, which are diversified among industries and individual issuers. To mitigate credit risk, we invest through high-credit-quality financial institutions and by policy generally limit the concentration of credit exposure by restricting the amount of investments with any single obligor. As of August 29, 2024, $3.34 billion of our cash and marketable investments was held by our foreign subsidiaries.

We continuously evaluate alternatives for efficiently funding our capital expenditures and ongoing operations. We expect to engage in a variety of financing transactions, from time to time, for such purposes as well as to refinance our existing indebtedness, including the issuance of securities. As of August 29, 2024, $2.50 billion was available to draw under our Revolving Credit Facility. Funding of certain significant capital projects is also dependent on the receipt of government incentives, which are subject to conditions and may not be obtained.

To develop new product and process technology, support future growth, achieve operating efficiencies, and maintain product quality, we must continue to invest in manufacturing technologies, facilities and equipment, and R&D. We estimate capital expenditures in 2025 for property, plant, and equipment, net of proceeds from government incentives, to be around mid-30% range of revenue for the year. Actual amounts for 2025 will vary depending on market conditions and may vary from quarter to quarter due to the timing of expenditures and proceeds from government incentives. As of August 29, 2024, we had purchase obligations of approximately $1.17 billion for the acquisition of property, plant, and equipment, of which approximately $1.10 billion is expected to be paid within one year. For a description of other contractual obligations, such as leases, debt, and commitments, see "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Leases," " - Debt," and " - Commitments."

To support projected memory demand in the second half of the decade, we will need to add new DRAM wafer capacity. Following the enactment of the U.S. CHIPS and Science Act of 2022 ("CHIPS Act"), we announced plans to invest in two leading-edge memory manufacturing fab facilities in the United States, based on CHIPS Act support through grants and investment tax credits. As part of this plan, in September 2022, we broke ground on a leading-edge memory manufacturing fab in Boise, Idaho. Construction of the fab began in October 2023, with meaningful DRAM output projected in 2027. In addition, in October 2022, we announced plans to build a second leading-edge DRAM manufacturing facility, consisting of up to four fabs to be built over the next 20-plus years, in Clay, New York. We expect construction site preparation to begin in calendar 2025, with production anticipated to ramp in the latter half of the decade. We expect these new fabs to be key to meeting our requirements for additional wafer capacity starting in the second half of the decade and beyond, in line with industry demand trends and to maintain an objective of stable bit share.

We have signed a non-binding preliminary memorandum of terms with the U.S. Department of Commerce for up to $6.1 billion in direct funding under the CHIPS Act for our planned fab in Boise, Idaho and the first two planned fabs in Clay, New York. We are also eligible for federal loans up to $7.5 billion. In addition, we receive a 25% investment tax credit on qualified investments in U.S. semiconductor manufacturing under the CHIPS Act. We have also signed a non-binding term sheet with the state of New York that provides up to $5.5 billion in funding for the planned four-fab facility over the next 20-plus years through a combination of tax credits for qualified capital investments and incentives for eligible new job wages.

Additionally, we began enablement of cleanroom space within our existing manufacturing fab in Hiroshima, Japan, that will support production of DRAM using EUV lithography. We also continue to advance our global back-end assembly and test network in order to support our product portfolio and extend our ability to deliver on global customer demand in the future. We have started construction to expand our existing assembly and test facility in Xi'an, China, to provide space to add more product capability, to allow us over time to serve more of the demand from our customers in China. Construction is also progressing for the assembly and test facility in Gujarat, India to address demand in the latter half of this decade. See "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Government Incentives."

Our Board of Directors has authorized the discretionary repurchase of up to $10 billion of our outstanding common stock through open-market purchases, block trades, privately-negotiated transactions, derivative transactions, and/or pursuant to Rule 10b5-1 trading plans. The repurchase authorization has no expiration date, does not obligate us to acquire any common stock, and is subject to market conditions and our ongoing determination of the best use of available cash. Through August 29, 2024, we had repurchased an aggregate of $7.19 billion of the authorized amount. See "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Equity."

On September 25, 2024, our Board of Directors declared a quarterly dividend of $0.115 per share, payable in cash on October 23, 2024, to shareholders of record as of the close of business on October 7, 2024. The declaration and payment of any future cash dividends are at the discretion and subject to the approval of our Board of Directors. Our Board of Directors' decisions regarding the amount and payment of dividends will depend on many factors, including, but not limited to, our financial condition, results of operations, capital requirements, business conditions, debt service obligations, contractual restrictions, industry practice, legal requirements, regulatory constraints, and other factors that our Board of Directors may deem relevant.

We expect that our cash and investments, cash flows from operations, expected funding from government incentives, and available financing will be sufficient to meet our requirements at least through the next 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future.

Cash Flows

Operating Activities: Cash provided by operating activities reflects net income (loss) adjusted for certain non-cash items, including depreciation expense, amortization of intangible assets, inventory write-downs, asset impairments, and stock-based compensation, and the effects of changes in operating assets and liabilities.

The increase in cash provided by operating activities for 2024 as compared to 2023 was primarily due to net income in 2024 adjusted for non-cash items, the effect of an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses and an increase in other current liabilities largely due to customer prepayments to secure product supply, partially offset by an increase in receivables.

The decrease in cash provided by operating activities for 2023 as compared to 2022 was primarily due to a net loss in 2023 adjusted for non-cash items and the effect of an increase in inventories and a decline in accounts payable and accrued expenses, partially offset by a decrease in receivables.

Investing Activities: For 2024, net cash used for investing activities consisted primarily of $8.39 billion of expenditures for property, plant, and equipment; and $205 million of net outflows from purchases, maturities, and sales of available-for-sale securities; partially offset by contributions of $315 million received from government incentives to offset capital expenditures.

For 2023, net cash used for investing activities consisted primarily of $7.68 billion of expenditures for property, plant, and equipment; partially offset by contributions of $710 million received from government incentives to offset capital expenditures; and $868 million of net inflows from maturities, sales, and purchases of available-for-sale securities.

For 2022, net cash used for investing activities consisted primarily of $12.07 billion of expenditures for property, plant, and equipment; partially offset by contributions of $115 million received from government incentives to offset capital expenditures; $888 million of net inflows from the sale of the Lehi, Utah fab; and $155 million of net outflows from purchases, maturities, and sales of available-for-sale securities.

Financing Activities: For 2024, net cash used for financing activities consisted primarily of $1.90 billion of repayments of debt, which included the prepayment of the 2024 Term Loan A and the 2025 Term Loan A borrowings; $513 million for payments of dividends to shareholders; $300 million for the acquisition of 3.2 million shares of our common stock under our share repurchase authorization; and $149 million of payments on equipment purchase contracts, partially offset by approximately $1.00 billion of proceeds from the issuance of the 2031 Notes.

For 2023, net cash provided by financing activities consisted primarily of $3.20 billion of proceeds from our 2025, 2026, and 2027 Term Loan A borrowings; $1.27 billion from the issuance of the 2029 B Notes; $896 million from the issuance of the 2033 B Notes; $749 million from the issuance of the 2033 A Notes; and $599 million from the issuance of the 2028 Notes. Cash used for financing activities included $761 million for repayments of debt; $504 million for payments of dividends to shareholders; $425 million for the acquisition of 8.6 million shares of our common stock under our share repurchase authorization; and $138 million of payments on equipment purchase contracts.

For 2022, net cash used for financing activities included $2.43 billion for the acquisition of 35.4 million shares of our common stock under our share repurchase authorization; $2.03 billion of repayments of debt primarily to redeem the 2023 Notes and 2024 Notes; $461 million of cash payments of dividends to shareholders; and $141 million of payments on equipment purchase contracts. Cash used for financing activities was partially offset by aggregate proceeds of $2.00 billion from the issuance of the unsecured 2032 Green Bonds, 2041 Notes, and 2051 Notes.

See "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Debt."

Critical Accounting Estimates

The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, expenses, and related disclosures. Estimates and judgments are based on historical experience, forecasted events, and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Estimates and judgments may vary under different assumptions or conditions and involve a significant level of uncertainty. We evaluate our estimates and judgments on an ongoing basis. Our management believes the accounting policies below are critical in the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and require management's most difficult, subjective, or complex judgments.

Contingencies: We are subject to the possibility of losses from various contingencies. Significant judgment is necessary to estimate the probability and amount of a loss, if any, from such contingencies. An accrual is made when it is probable that a liability has been incurred or an asset has been impaired, and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. In accounting for the resolution of contingencies, significant judgment may be necessary to estimate amounts pertaining to periods prior to the resolution that are charged to operations in the period of resolution and amounts related to future periods.

Goodwill: We test goodwill for impairment in our fourth quarter each year, or more frequently if indicators of an impairment exist, to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit with goodwill is less than its carrying value. For reporting units for which this assessment concludes that it is more likely than not that the fair value is more than its carrying value, goodwill is considered not impaired, and we are not required to perform the quantitative goodwill impairment test. Qualitative factors considered in this assessment include industry and market considerations, overall financial performance, and other relevant events and factors affecting the fair value of the reporting unit. For reporting units for which this assessment concludes that it is more likely than not that the fair value is below the carrying value, goodwill is tested for impairment by determining the fair value of each reporting unit and comparing it to the carrying value of the net assets assigned to the reporting unit. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, goodwill is considered not impaired. If the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, we recognize an impairment loss up to the difference between the carrying value and implied fair value. We recognized a charge of $101 million in 2023 to impair all of the goodwill assigned to our SBU reporting unit based on our quantitative assessment for impairment. We performed a qualitative assessment for the current year and have not identified any impairment indicators for our reporting units.

Determining when to test for impairment, the reporting units, the assets and liabilities of the reporting unit, and the fair value of the reporting unit requires significant judgment and involves the use of significant estimates and assumptions. These estimates and assumptions include revenue growth rates, forecasted manufacturing costs, and other expenses and are developed as part of our long-range planning process. The same estimates are used in business planning, forecasting, and capital budgeting as part of our long-term manufacturing capacity analysis. These estimates and assumptions are used to calculate projected future cash flows for the reporting unit, which are discounted using a risk-adjusted rate to estimate a fair value. The discount rate requires determination of appropriate market comparables. We base fair value estimates on assumptions we believe to be reasonable but that are unpredictable and inherently uncertain. Actual future results may differ from those estimates. We assess the reasonableness of our methodology, forecasts, and assumptions by comparing the aggregate calculated fair value for our reporting units to our market capitalization.

Income taxes: We are required to estimate our provision for income taxes and amounts ultimately payable or recoverable in numerous tax jurisdictions around the world. These estimates involve significant judgment and interpretations of regulations and are inherently complex. Resolution of income tax treatments in individual jurisdictions may not be known for many years after completion of the applicable year. We are also required to evaluate the realizability of our deferred tax assets on an ongoing basis in accordance with U.S. GAAP, which requires the assessment of our performance and other relevant factors. Realization of deferred tax assets is dependent on our ability to generate future taxable income. Our income tax provision or benefit is dependent, in part, on our ability to forecast future taxable income in Japan, the United States, Malaysia, Taiwan, and other jurisdictions. Such forecasts are inherently difficult and involve significant judgments including, among others, projecting future average selling prices and sales volumes, manufacturing and overhead costs, levels of capital spending, and other factors that significantly impact our analyses of the amount of net deferred tax assets that are more likely than not to be realized.

Inventories: Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value, with cost being determined on a first-in, first-out ("FIFO") basis. Cost includes depreciation, labor, material, and overhead costs, including product and process technology costs. Determining net realizable value of finished goods and work in process inventories involves significant judgments, including projecting future average selling prices, future sales volumes, and future cost per part. To project average selling prices and sales volumes, we review recent sales volumes, existing customer orders, current contract prices, industry analyses of supply and demand, and general economic trends. To project cost per part, we review trends with historical results and consider known changes in our cost structure as applicable. Actual selling prices may vary significantly from projected prices due to the volatile nature of the semiconductor memory and storage markets. When these analyses reflect estimated net realizable values below our manufacturing costs, we record a charge to cost of goods sold in advance of when inventories are actually sold. As a result, the timing of when product costs are charged to costs of goods sold can vary significantly. Differences in future average selling prices used in calculating lower of cost or net realizable value adjustments can result in significant changes in the estimated net realizable value of finished goods and work in process inventories and accordingly the amount of write-down recorded. For example, a 5% decrease in future average selling prices would have changed the estimated net realizable value of our finished goods and work in process inventories by approximately $700 million as of August 29, 2024.

U.S. GAAP provides for products to be grouped into categories in order to compare costs to net realizable values. The amount of any inventory write-down can vary significantly depending on the determination of inventory categories. We review the major characteristics of product type and markets in determining the unit of account for which we perform the lower of cost or net realizable value analysis and categorize all inventories (including DRAM, NAND, and other memory) as a single group.

Property, plant, and equipment: We periodically assess the estimated useful lives of our property, plant, and equipment based on technology node transitions, capital spending, and equipment re-use rates. We also review the carrying value of property, plant, and equipment for impairment when events and circumstances indicate that the carrying value of an asset or group of assets may not be recoverable from the estimated future cash flows expected to result from its use and/or disposition. In cases where undiscounted expected future cash flows are less than the carrying value, an impairment loss is recognized equal to the amount by which the carrying value exceeds the estimated fair value of the assets. The estimate of future cash flows involves numerous assumptions which require significant judgment by us, including, but not limited to, future use of the assets for our operations versus sale or disposal of the assets, future selling prices for our products, and future production and sales volumes.

Revenue recognition: Revenue is primarily recognized at a point in time when control of the promised goods is transferred to our customers in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods. Contracts with our customers are generally short-term in duration at fixed, negotiated prices with payment generally due shortly after delivery. We estimate a liability for returns using the expected value method based on historical returns. In addition, we generally offer price protection to our distributors, which is a form of variable consideration that decreases the transaction price. We use the expected value method, based on historical price adjustments and current pricing trends, to estimate the amount of revenue recognized from sales to distributors. Differences between the estimated and actual amounts are recognized as adjustments to revenue.

Recently Issued Accounting Standards

See "Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data - Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements - Recently Issued Accounting Standards."
