Index to audited Consolidated Financial Statements

Johnson & Johnson and subsidiaries consolidated balance sheets At December 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (Dollars in Millions Except Share and Per Share Amounts) (Note 1)

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Johnson & Johnson and subsidiaries consolidated statements of earnings (Dollars and Shares in Millions Except Per Share Amounts) (Note 1)

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Johnson & Johnson and subsidiaries consolidated statements of comprehensive income (Dollars in Millions) (Note 1) The tax cost/(benefit) effects in other comprehensive income for the fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022 respectively: Foreign Currency Translation; $(1.1) billion, $797 million and $(460) million; Employee Benefit Plans: $86 million, $(289) million and $461 million, Derivatives & Hedges: $(365) million, $(39) million and $30 million.

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Amounts presented for 2023 and 2022 have not been recast to exclude discontinued operations

Johnson & Johnson and subsidiaries consolidated statements of equity (Dollars in Millions) (Note 1)

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Johnson & Johnson and subsidiaries consolidated statements of cash flows (Dollars in Millions) (Note 1)

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements

Amounts presented for 2023 and 2022 have not been recast to exclude discontinued operations.

1. Summary of significant accounting policies

Principles of consolidation

The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of Johnson & Johnson and its subsidiaries (the Company). Intercompany accounts and transactions are eliminated. Columns and rows within tables may not add due to rounding. Percentages have been calculated using actual, non-rounded figures.

Description of the company

The Company has approximately 138,100 employees worldwide engaged in the research and development, manufacture and sale of a broad range of products in the healthcare field. The Company conducts business in virtually all countries of the world and its primary focus is on products related to human health and well-being.

Kenvue IPO/separation and discontinued operations

On May 8, 2023, Kenvue, completed an initial public offering (the IPO) resulting in the issuance of 198,734,444 shares of its common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Kenvue Common Stock"), at an initial public offering of $22.00 per share for net proceeds of $4.2 billion. The excess of the net proceeds from the IPO over the net book value of the Johnson & Johnson divested interest was $2.5 billion and was recorded to additional paid-in capital. As of the closing of the IPO, Johnson & Johnson owned approximately 89.6% of the total outstanding shares of Kenvue Common Stock and at July 2, 2023, the non-controlling interest of $1.3 billion associated with Kenvue was reflected in equity attributable to non-controlling interests in the consolidated balance sheet in the fiscal second quarter of 2023.

On August 23, 2023, Johnson & Johnson completed the disposition of an additional 80.1% ownership of the shares of Kenvue through an exchange offer. Following the exchange offer, the Company owned 9.5% of the shares of Kenvue which were accounted for as an equity investment carried at fair value within continuing operations. The historical results of the Consumer Health business (which previously represented the Consumer Health business segment) are reflected as discontinued operations in the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements through the date of the exchange offer (see Note 21 for additional details). Unless otherwise indicated, the information in the notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements refer only to Johnson & Johnson's continuing operations.

In the fiscal second quarter of 2024 the Company completed a debt for equity exchange of the retained stake in Kenvue. Upon completion of the debt for equity exchange, the Company no longer owns any shares of Kenvue Common Stock.

Business segments

The Company is organized into two business segments: Innovative Medicine and MedTech. The Innovative Medicine segment is focused on the following therapeutic areas: Immunology, Infectious Diseases, Neuroscience, Oncology, Pulmonary Hypertension, and Cardiovascular and Metabolic. Products in this segment are distributed directly to retailers, wholesalers, distributors, hospitals and healthcare professionals for prescription use. The MedTech segment includes a broad portfolio of products used in the Orthopaedic, Surgery, Cardiovascular (previously referred to as Interventional Solutions) and Vision fields. These products are distributed to wholesalers, hospitals and retailers, and used principally in the professional fields by physicians, nurses, hospitals, eye care professionals and clinics.

New accounting standards

Recently adopted accounting standards

ASU 2023-07: Segment Reporting (Topic 280) - Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures

The Company adopted the standard in the fiscal year 2024, which requires expanded annual and interim disclosures for significant segment expenses that are regularly provided to the chief operating decision maker and included within each reported measure of segment profit or loss. The standard was applied retrospectively to all periods presented in the financial statements. As this accounting standard only impacts disclosures, it did not have a material impact on the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements. See Note 17 for the required disclosures.

Recently issued accounting standards

Not adopted as of December 29, 2024

ASU 2024-03: Income Statement - Reporting Comprehensive Income - Expense Disaggregation Disclosures (Subtopic 220-40): Disaggregation of Income Statement Expenses This update requires disclosure of disaggregated information about certain income statement expense line items on an annual and interim basis. This update will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2026, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2027. Early adoption is permitted. As this accounting standard only impacts disclosures, it will not have a material impact on the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements.

ASU 2023-09: Income Taxes (Topic 740) - Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures

This update standardizes categories for the effective tax rate reconciliation, requires disaggregation of income taxes and additional income tax-related disclosures. This update is required to be effective for the Company for fiscal periods beginning after December 15, 2024. As this accounting standard only impacts disclosures, it will not have a material impact on the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements.

Cash equivalents

The Company classifies all highly liquid investments with stated maturities of three months or less from date of purchase as cash equivalents and all highly liquid investments with stated maturities of greater than three months from the date of purchase as current marketable securities. The Company has a policy of making investments only with commercial institutions that have at least an investment grade credit rating. The Company invests its cash primarily in government securities and obligations, corporate debt securities, money market funds and reverse repurchase agreements (RRAs).

RRAs are collateralized by deposits in the form of Government Securities and Obligations for an amount not less than 102% of their value. The Company does not record an asset or liability as the Company is not permitted to sell or repledge the associated collateral. The Company has a policy that the collateral has at least an A (or equivalent) credit rating. The Company utilizes a third party custodian to manage the exchange of funds and ensure that collateral received is maintained at 102% of the value of the RRAs on a daily basis. RRAs with stated maturities of greater than three months from the date of purchase are classified as marketable securities.

Investments

Investments classified as held to maturity investments are reported at amortized cost and realized gains or losses are reported in earnings. Investments classified as available-for-sale debt securities are carried at estimated fair value with unrealized gains and losses recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income. Available-for-sale securities available for current operations are classified as current assets; otherwise, they are classified as long term. Management determines the appropriate classification of its investment in debt and equity securities at the time of purchase and re-evaluates such determination at each balance sheet date. The Company reviews its investments for impairment and adjusts these investments to fair value through earnings, as required.

Property, plant and equipment and depreciation

Property, plant and equipment are stated at cost. The Company utilizes the straight-line method of depreciation over the estimated useful lives of the assets: The Company capitalizes certain computer software and development costs, included in machinery and equipment, when incurred in connection with developing or obtaining computer software for internal use. Capitalized software costs are amortized over the estimated useful lives of the software, which generally range from 3 to 8 years.

The Company reviews long-lived assets to assess recoverability using undiscounted cash flows. When certain events or changes in operating or economic conditions occur, an impairment assessment may be performed on the recoverability of the carrying value of these assets. If the asset is determined to be impaired, the loss is measured based on the difference between the asset's fair value and its carrying value. If quoted market prices are not available, the Company will estimate fair value using a discounted value of estimated future cash flows.

Revenue recognition

The Company recognizes revenue from product sales when obligations under the terms of a contract with the customer are satisfied; generally, this occurs with the transfer of control of the goods to customers. The Company's global payment terms are typically between 30 to 90 days. Provisions for certain rebates, sales incentives, trade promotions, coupons, product returns, discounts to customers and governmental clawback provisions are accounted for as variable consideration and recorded as a reduction in sales. The liability is recognized within Accrued rebates, returns, and promotions on the consolidated balance sheet.

Product discounts granted are based on the terms of arrangements with direct, indirect and other market participants, as well as market conditions, including consideration of competitor pricing. Rebates and discounts are estimated based on contractual terms, historical experience, patient outcomes, trend analysis and projected market conditions in the various markets served. A significant portion of the liability related to rebates is from the sale of the Company's pharmaceutical products within the U.S., primarily the Managed Care, Medicare and Medicaid programs, which amounted to $12.3 billion and $11.5 billion as of December 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company evaluates market conditions for products or groups of products primarily through the analysis of wholesaler and other third-party sell-through and market research data, as well as internally generated information.

Sales returns are estimated and recorded based on historical sales and returns information. Products that have lost patent exclusivity, or that otherwise exhibit unusual sales or return patterns due to dating, competition or other marketing matters are specifically investigated and analyzed as part of the accounting for sales return accruals.

Sales returns allowances represent a reserve for products that may be returned due to expiration, destruction in the field, or in specific areas, product recall. In accordance with the Company's accounting policies, the Company generally issues credit to customers for returned goods. The Company's sales returns reserves are accounted for in accordance with the U.S. GAAP guidance for revenue recognition when right of return exists. Sales returns reserves are recorded at full sales value. Sales returns in the Innovative Medicine segment are almost exclusively not resalable. Sales returns for certain franchises in the MedTech segment are typically resalable but are not material. The Company infrequently exchanges products from inventory for returned products. The sales returns reserve for the total Company has been approximately 1.0% of annual net trade sales during each of the fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022.

Promotional programs, such as product listing allowances are recorded in the same period as related sales and include volume-based sales incentive programs. Volume-based incentive programs are based on the estimated sales volumes for the incentive period and are recorded as products are sold. These arrangements are evaluated to determine the appropriate amounts to be deferred or recorded as a reduction of revenue. The Company also earns profit-share payments through collaborative arrangements of certain products, which are included in sales to customers. Profit-share payments were less than 2.0% of the total revenues in the fiscal year 2024 and 2023, respectively, and less than 3.0% of total revenues in the fiscal year 2022 and are included in sales to customers.

See Note 17 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further disaggregation of revenue.

Shipping and handling

Shipping and handling costs incurred were $0.9 billion, $0.9 billion and $0.8 billion in fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, and are included in selling, marketing and administrative expense. The amount of revenue received for shipping and handling is less than 1.0% of sales to customers for all periods presented.

Inventories

Inventories are stated at the lower of cost or net realizable value determined by the first-in, first-out method.

Intangible assets and goodwill

The authoritative literature on U.S. GAAP requires that goodwill and intangible assets with indefinite lives be assessed annually for impairment. The Company completed its annual impairment test for 2024 in the fiscal fourth quarter. Future impairment tests will be performed annually in the fiscal fourth quarter, or sooner if warranted. In-process research and development purchased as part of a business combination is accounted for as an indefinite lived intangible asset until the underlying project is completed, at which point the intangible asset will be accounted for as a definite lived intangible asset. If warranted the purchased in-process research and development could be written off or partially impaired depending on the underlying program.

Intangible assets that have finite useful lives continue to be amortized over their useful lives and are reviewed for impairment when warranted by economic conditions. See Note 5 for further details on Intangible Assets and Goodwill.

Financial instruments

As required by U.S. GAAP, all derivative instruments are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value. Fair value is the exit price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability. Fair value is a market-based measurement determined using assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. The authoritative literature establishes a three-level hierarchy to prioritize the inputs used in measuring fair value, with Level 1 having the highest priority and Level 3 having the lowest. Changes in the fair value of derivatives are recorded each period in current earnings or other comprehensive income, depending on whether the derivative is designated as part of a hedge transaction, and if so, the type of hedge transaction.

The Company documents all relationships between hedged items and derivatives. The overall risk management strategy includes reasons for undertaking hedge transactions and entering into derivatives. The objectives of this strategy are: (1) minimize foreign currency exposure's impact on the Company's financial performance; (2) protect the Company's cash flow from adverse movements in foreign exchange rates; (3) ensure the appropriateness of financial instruments; and (4) manage the enterprise risk associated with financial institutions. See Note 6 for additional information on Financial Instruments.

Leases

The Company determines whether an arrangement is a lease at contract inception by establishing if the contract conveys the right to control the use of identified property, plant, or equipment for a period of time in exchange for consideration. Right of Use (ROU) Assets and Lease Liabilities for operating leases are included in Other assets, Accrued liabilities, and Other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. The ROU Assets represent the right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent an obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. Commitments under finance leases are not significant, and are included in Property, plant and equipment, Loans and notes payable, and Long-term debt on the consolidated balance sheet.

ROU Assets and Lease Liabilities are recognized at the lease commencement date based on the present value of all minimum lease payments over the lease term. The Company uses its incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments, when the implicit rate is not readily determinable. Lease terms may include options to extend or terminate the lease. These options are included in the lease term when it is reasonably certain that the Company will exercise that option. Operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Company has elected the following policy elections on adoption: use of portfolio approach on leases of assets under master service agreements, exclusion of short term leases on the balance sheet, and not separating lease and non-lease components.

The Company primarily has operating lease for space, vehicles, manufacturing equipment and data processing equipment. The ROU asset pertaining to leases from continuing operations was $1.1 billion and $1.0 billion in fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respectively. The lease liability from continuing operations was $1.2 billion and $1.1 billion in fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respectively. The operating lease costs from continuing operations were $0.2 billion in fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022. Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities from continuing operations were $0.2 billion in fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022.

Product liability

Accruals for product liability claims are recorded, on an undiscounted basis, when it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount of the liability can be reasonably estimated based on existing information and actuarially determined estimates where applicable. The accruals are adjusted periodically as additional information becomes available. The Company accrues an estimate of the legal defense costs needed to defend each matter when those costs are probable and can be reasonably estimated. To the extent adverse verdicts have been rendered against the Company, the Company does not record an accrual until a loss is determined to be probable and can be reasonably estimated.

The Company has self insurance through a wholly-owned captive insurance company. In addition to accruals in the self insurance program, claims that exceed the insurance coverage are accrued when losses are probable and amounts can be reasonably estimated.

Research and development

Research and development expenses are expensed as incurred in accordance with ASC 730, Research and Development. Upfront and milestone payments made to third parties in connection with research and development collaborations are expensed as incurred up to the point of regulatory approval. Payments made to third parties subsequent to regulatory approval are capitalized and amortized over the remaining useful life of the related product. Amounts capitalized for such payments are included in other intangibles, net of accumulated amortization.

The Company enters into collaborative arrangements, typically with other pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies, to develop and commercialize drug candidates or intellectual property. These arrangements typically involve two (or more) parties who are active participants in the collaboration and are exposed to significant risks and rewards dependent on the commercial success of the activities. These collaborations usually involve various activities by one or more parties, including research and development, marketing and selling and distribution. Often, these collaborations require upfront, milestone and royalty or profit share payments, contingent upon the occurrence of certain future events linked to the success of the asset in development. Amounts due from collaborative partners related to development activities are generally reflected as a reduction of research and development expense because the performance of contract development services is not central to the Company's operations. In general, the income statement presentation for these collaborations is as follows:
* Milestones are capitalized as intangible assets and amortized to cost of products sold over the useful life.

For all years presented, there was no individual project that represented greater than 5% of the total annual consolidated research and development expense other than the acquired in-process research & development expense of $1.25 billion to secure the global rights to the NM26 bispecific antibody (Yellow Jersey acquisition) in fiscal year 2024.

The Company has a number of products and compounds developed in collaboration with strategic partners including XARELTO, co-developed with Bayer HealthCare AG, IMBRUVICA, developed in collaboration and co-marketed with Pharmacyclics LLC, an AbbVie company and CARVYKTI, licensed and developed in collaboration with Legend Biotech USA Inc. and Legend Biotech Ireland Limited.

Separately, the Company has a number of licensing arrangements for products and compounds including DARZALEX, licensed from Genmab A/S.

Advertising

Costs associated with advertising are expensed in the year incurred and are included in selling, marketing and administrative expenses. Advertising expenses worldwide, which comprised television, radio, print media and Internet advertising, were $0.6 billion, $0.5 billion and $0.7 billion in fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.

Income taxes

Income taxes are recorded based on amounts refundable or payable for the current year and include the results of any difference between U.S. GAAP accounting and tax reporting, recorded as deferred tax assets or liabilities. The Company estimates deferred tax assets and liabilities based on enacted tax regulations and rates. Future changes in tax laws and rates may affect recorded deferred tax assets and liabilities in the future.

The Company has unrecognized tax benefits for uncertain tax positions. The Company follows U.S. GAAP which prescribes a recognition threshold and measurement attribute for the financial statement recognition and measurement of a tax position taken or expected to be taken in a tax return. Management believes that changes in these estimates would not have a material effect on the Company's results of operations, cash flows or financial position.

In 2017, the United States enacted into law new U.S. tax legislation, the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA). This law included provisions for a comprehensive overhaul of the corporate income tax code, including a reduction of the statutory corporate tax rate from 35% to 21%, effective on January 1, 2018. The TCJA included a provision for a tax on all previously undistributed earnings of U.S. companies located in foreign jurisdictions. Undistributed earnings in the form of cash and cash equivalents were taxed at a rate of 15.5% and all other earnings were taxed at a rate of 8.0%. This tax is payable over 8 years and will not accrue interest. These payments began in fiscal year 2018 and will continue through 2025. The final payment of $2.5 billion will be made in fiscal year 2025.

The TCJA also includes provisions for a tax on global intangible low-taxed income (GILTI). GILTI is described as the excess of a U.S. shareholder's total net foreign income over a deemed return on tangible assets, as provided by the TCJA. In January 2018, the FASB issued guidance that allows companies to elect as an accounting policy whether to record the tax effects of GILTI in the period the tax liability is generated (i.e., "period cost") or provide for deferred tax assets and liabilities related to basis differences that exist and are expected to affect the amount of GILTI inclusion in future years upon reversal (i.e., "deferred method"). The Company has elected to account for GILTI under the deferred method. The deferred tax amounts recorded are based on the evaluation of temporary differences that are expected to reverse as GILTI is incurred in future periods.

The Company has recorded deferred tax liabilities on all undistributed earnings prior to December 31, 2017 from its international subsidiaries. The Company has not provided deferred taxes on the undistributed earnings subsequent to January 1, 2018 from certain international subsidiaries where the earnings are considered to be indefinitely reinvested. The Company intends to continue to reinvest these earnings in those international operations. If the Company decides at a later date to repatriate these earnings to the U.S., the Company would be required to provide for the net tax effects on these amounts. The Company estimates that the tax effect of this repatriation would be approximately $0.5 billion under currently enacted tax laws and regulations and at current currency exchange rates. This amount does not include the possible benefit of U.S. foreign tax credits, which may substantially offset this cost.

See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information regarding income taxes.

Net earnings per share

Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing net earnings available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted earnings per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities were exercised or converted into common stock using the treasury stock method.

Use of estimates

The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported. Estimates are used when accounting for sales discounts, rebates, allowances and incentives, product liabilities, income taxes, withholding taxes, depreciation, amortization, employee benefits, contingencies and intangible asset and liability valuations. Actual results may or may not differ from those estimates.

The Company follows the provisions of U.S. GAAP when recording litigation related contingencies. A liability is recorded when a loss is probable and can be reasonably estimated. The best estimate of a loss within a range is accrued; however, if no estimate in the range is better than any other, the minimum amount is accrued.

Supplier finance program obligations

The Company has agreements for supplier finance programs with third-party financial institutions. These programs provide participating suppliers the ability to finance payment obligations from the Company with the third-party financial institutions. The Company is not a party to the arrangements between the suppliers and the third-party financial institutions. The Company's obligations to its suppliers, including amounts due, and scheduled payment dates (which have general payment terms of 90 days), are not affected by a participating supplier's decision to participate in the program.

Confirmed obligations under the program as of December 29, 2024, and December 31, 2023, were $0.8 billion and $0.7 billion, respectively. The obligations are presented as Accounts payable on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

The rollforward of the Company's valid obligations under the program were as follows:

Annual closing date

The Company follows the concept of a fiscal year, which ends on the Sunday nearest to the end of the month of December. Normally each fiscal year consists of 52 weeks, but every five or six years the fiscal year consists of 53 weeks, and therefore includes additional shipping days, as was the case in fiscal year 2020, and will be the case again in fiscal year 2026.

2. Cash, cash equivalents and current marketable securities

At the end of the fiscal year 2024 and 2023, cash, cash equivalents and current marketable securities comprised: (1)Held to maturity investments are reported at amortized cost and realized gains or losses are reported in earnings.

(2)Available for sale debt securities are reported at fair value with unrealized gains and losses reported net of taxes in other comprehensive income.

Fair value of government securities and obligations and corporate debt securities were estimated using quoted broker prices and significant other observable inputs.

The contractual maturities of the available for sale debt securities at December 29, 2024 are as follows: The Company invests its excess cash in both deposits with major banks throughout the world and other high-quality money market instruments. The Company has a policy of making investments only with commercial institutions that have at least an investment grade credit rating.

3. Inventories

At the end of fiscal years 2024 and 2023, inventories comprised:

4. Property, plant and equipment

At the end of fiscal years 2024 and 2023, property, plant and equipment at cost and accumulated depreciation were: The Company capitalizes interest expense as part of the cost of construction of facilities and equipment. Interest expense capitalized in fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022 was $79 million, $70 million and $49 million, respectively.

Depreciation expense, including the amortization of capitalized interest in fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022 was $2.8 billion, $2.6 billion and $2.4 billion, respectively.

Upon retirement or other disposal of property, plant and equipment, the costs and related amounts of accumulated depreciation or amortization are eliminated from the asset and accumulated depreciation accounts, respectively. The difference, if any, between the net asset value and the proceeds are recorded in earnings.

5. Intangible assets and goodwill

At the end of fiscal years 2024 and 2023, the gross and net amounts of intangible assets were: (1)In September 2024, the Company announced changes to its MedTech brand identity and the $1.7 billion of trademarks associated with the DePuy Synthes business were reclassified from indefinite lived to definite lived and will be amortized over a 25 year period.

(2)The majority is comprised of customer relationships Goodwill as of December 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, as allocated by segment of business, was as follows:
* Includes purchase price allocation adjustments for Abiomed The weighted average amortization period for patents and trademarks is approximately 12 years. The weighted average amortization period for customer relationships and other intangible assets is approximately 18 years. The amortization expense of amortizable assets included in Cost of products sold was $4.5 billion, $4.5 billion and $3.9 billion before tax, for the fiscal years ended December 29, 2024, December 31, 2023 and January 1, 2023, respectively. Intangible asset write-downs are included in Other (income) expense, net.

The estimated amortization expense related to intangible assets for approved products, before tax, for the five succeeding years is approximately: See Note 18 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details related to acquisitions and divestitures.

6. Fair value measurements

The Company uses forward foreign exchange contracts to manage its exposure to the variability of cash flows, primarily related to the foreign exchange rate changes of future intercompany products and third-party purchases of materials denominated in a foreign currency. The Company uses cross currency interest rate swaps to manage currency risk primarily related to borrowings. Both types of derivatives are designated as cash flow hedges.

Additionally, the Company uses interest rate swaps as an instrument to manage interest rate risk related to fixed rate borrowings. These derivatives are designated as fair value hedges. The Company uses cross currency interest rate swaps and forward foreign exchange contracts designated as net investment hedges. Additionally, the Company uses forward foreign exchange contracts to offset its exposure to certain foreign currency assets and liabilities. These forward foreign exchange contracts are not designated as hedges and therefore, changes in the fair values of these derivatives are recognized in earnings, thereby offsetting the current earnings effect of the related foreign currency assets and liabilities.

The Company does not enter into derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes, or that contain credit risk related contingent features. The Company maintains credit support agreements (CSA) with certain derivative counterparties establishing collateral thresholds based on respective credit ratings and netting agreements. As of December 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the total amount of cash collateral paid by the Company under the CSA amounted to $2.2 billion and $4.0 billion net respectively, related to net investment and cash flow hedges. On an ongoing basis, the Company monitors counter-party credit ratings. The Company considers credit non-performance risk to be low, because the Company primarily enters into agreements with commercial institutions that have at least an investment grade credit rating. Refer to the table on significant financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value contained in this footnote for receivables and payables with these commercial institutions. As of December 29, 2024, the Company had notional amounts outstanding for forward foreign exchange contracts, cross currency interest rate swaps and interest rate swaps of $45.1 billion, $40.5 billion and $9.0 billion, respectively. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had notional amounts outstanding for forward foreign exchange contracts, cross currency interest rate swaps and interest rate swaps of $42.9 billion, $39.7 billion and $10.0 billion, respectively.

All derivative instruments are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value. Changes in the fair value of derivatives are recorded each period in current earnings or other comprehensive income, depending on whether the derivative is designated as part of a hedge transaction, and if so, the type of hedge transaction. Cash exchanged for derivatives is primarily in cash flows from operating activities.

The designation as a cash flow hedge is made at the entrance date of the derivative contract. At inception, all derivatives are expected to be highly effective. Foreign exchange contracts designated as cash flow hedges are accounted for under the forward method and all gains/losses associated with these contracts will be recognized in the income statement when the hedged item impacts earnings. Changes in the fair value of these derivatives are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income until the underlying transaction affects earnings, and are then reclassified to earnings in the same account as the hedged transaction.

Gains and losses associated with interest rate swaps and changes in fair value of hedged debt attributable to changes in interest rates are recorded to interest expense in the period in which they occur. Gains and losses on net investment hedges are accounted through the currency translation account within accumulated other comprehensive income. The portion excluded from effectiveness testing is recorded through interest (income) expense using the spot method. On an ongoing basis, the Company assesses whether each derivative continues to be highly effective in offsetting changes of hedged items. If and when a derivative is no longer expected to be highly effective, hedge accounting is discontinued.

The Company designated its Euro denominated notes with due dates ranging from 2024 to 2044 as a net investment hedge of the Company's investments in certain of its international subsidiaries that use the Euro as their functional currency in order to reduce the volatility caused by changes in exchange rates.

As of December 29, 2024, the balance of deferred net loss on derivatives included in accumulated other comprehensive income was $1.7 billion after-tax. For additional information, see the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income and Note 13. The Company expects that substantially all of the amounts related to forward foreign exchange contracts will be reclassified into earnings over the next 12 months as a result of transactions that are expected to occur over that period. The maximum length of time over which the Company is hedging transaction exposure is 18 months, excluding interest rate contracts and net investment hedges. The amount ultimately realized in earnings may differ as foreign exchange rates change. Realized gains and losses are ultimately determined by actual exchange rates at maturity of the derivative.

The following table is a summary of the activity related to derivatives and hedges for the fiscal years ended December 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, net of tax: As of December 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the following amounts were recorded on the consolidated balance sheet related to cumulative basis adjustment for fair value hedges: The following table is the effect of derivatives not designated as hedging instrument for the fiscal years ended December 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023: The following table is the effect of net investment hedges for the fiscal years ended December 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023: The Company holds equity investments with readily determinable fair values and equity investments without readily determinable fair values. The Company measures equity investments that do not have readily determinable fair values at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer.

The following table is a summary of the activity related to equity investments for the fiscal years ended December 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023:

(1)Recorded in Other Income/Expense

(2)Other includes impact of currency
* The December 31, 2023 balance includes the 9.5% remaining stake in Kenvue. A debt-for-equity exchange was completed in the fiscal second quarter of 2024.

On May 15, 2024, the Company issued $3.6 billion aggregate principal amount of commercial paper and received $3.6 billion of net cash proceeds to be used for general corporate purposes. On May 17, 2024, the Company completed a Debt-for-Equity Exchange of its remaining 182,329,550 shares of Kenvue Common Stock for the outstanding Commercial Paper. Upon completion of the Debt-for-Equity Exchange, the Commercial Paper was satisfied and discharged, and the Company no longer owns any shares of Kenvue Common Stock. This exchange resulted in a loss of approximately $0.4 billion recorded in Other (income) expense.

For the fiscal years ended December 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023 for equity investments without readily determinable market values, $171 million and $1 million, respectively, of the changes in fair value reflected in net income were the result of impairments. There were impacts of $26 million and $27 million, respectively, of changes in the fair value reflected in net income due to changes in observable prices and gains on the disposal of investments.

Fair value is the exit price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability. Fair value is a market-based measurement determined using assumptions that market participants would use in pricing an asset or liability. In accordance with ASC 820, a three-level hierarchy to prioritize the inputs used in measuring fair value. The levels within the hierarchy are described below with Level 1 having the highest priority and Level 3 having the lowest.

The fair value of a derivative financial instrument (i.e., forward foreign exchange contracts, interest rate contracts) is the aggregation by currency of all future cash flows discounted to its present value at the prevailing market interest rates and subsequently converted to the U.S. Dollar at the current spot foreign exchange rate. The Company does not believe that fair values of these derivative instruments materially differ from the amounts that could be realized upon settlement or maturity, or that the changes in fair value will have a material effect on the Company's results of operations, cash flows or financial position. The Company also holds equity investments which are classified as Level 1 and debt securities which are classified as Level 2. The Company holds acquisition related contingent liabilities based upon certain regulatory and commercial events, which are classified as Level 3, whose values are determined using discounted cash flow methodologies or similar techniques for which the determination of fair value requires significant judgment or estimations.

The following three levels of inputs are used to measure fair value: Level 1 - Quoted prices in active markets for identical assets and liabilities.

Level 2 - Significant other observable inputs.

Level 3 - Significant unobservable inputs.

The Company's significant financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value as of the fiscal year ended December 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were as follows: Summarized information about changes in liabilities for contingent consideration is as follows: (1)2023 assets and liabilities are all classified as Level 2 with the exception of equity investments of $4,473 million, which are classified as Level 1 and contingent consideration of $1,092 million, classified as Level 3.

(2)Includes cross currency interest rate swaps and interest rate swaps.

(3)Classified as non-current other assets.

(4)Classified as cash equivalents and current marketable securities.

(5)Includes $1,217 million, $1,092 million and $1,116 million, classified as non-current other liabilities as of December 29, 2024, December 31, 2023 and January 1, 2023, respectively. Includes $4 million classified as current liabilities as of January 1, 2023.

(6)In fiscal year 2024, the Company recorded $105 million of contingent consideration related to Proteologix. In fiscal year 2022, the Company recorded $704 million of contingent consideration related to Abiomed.

See Notes 2 and 7 for financial assets and liabilities held at carrying amount on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

7. Borrowings

The components of long-term debt are as follows: (1)Weighted average effective rate.

(2)Translation rate at December 29, 2024.

(3)Translation rate at December 31, 2023.

(4)The excess of the carrying value over the fair value of debt was $2.0 billion and $1.0 billion at the end of fiscal year 2024 and fiscal year 2023, respectively.

Fair value of the long-term debt was estimated using market prices, which were corroborated by quoted broker prices and significant other observable inputs.

The Company has access to substantial sources of funds at numerous banks worldwide. In June 2024, the Company secured a new 364-day Credit Facility of $10 billion, which expires on June 25, 2025. Interest charged on borrowings under the credit line agreement is based on either the Term SOFR Reference Rate or other applicable market rates as allowed under the terms of the agreement, plus applicable margins. Commitment fees under the agreements are not material.

Throughout fiscal years 2024 and 2023, the Company continued to have access to liquidity through the commercial paper market. Short-term borrowings and the current portion of long-term debt amounted to approximately $6.0 billion and $3.5 billion at the end of fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respectively. The current portion of the long-term debt was $1.7 billion and $1.5 billion in 2024 and 2023, respectively, and the remainder is commercial paper and local borrowing by international subsidiaries.

The current debt balance as of December 29, 2024 includes $4.1 billion of commercial paper which has a weighted average interest rate of 4.46% and a weighted average maturity of approximately two months. The current debt balance as of December 31, 2023 includes $2.0 billion of commercial paper which has a weighted average interest rate of 5.37% and a weighted average maturity of approximately two months.

Aggregate maturities of long-term debt obligations commencing in 2025 are:

8. Income taxes

The provision for taxes on income on continuing operations consists of: A comparison of income tax expense at the U.S. statutory rate of 21% in fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, to the Company's effective tax rate is as follows: (1)International operations reflect the impacts of operations in jurisdictions with statutory tax rates different than the U.S., particularly Ireland, Switzerland, and Belgium, which is a favorable impact on the effective tax rate as compared with the U.S. statutory rate.

(2)Includes the net impact of the GILTI tax, the Foreign-Derived Intangible Income deduction and other foreign income that is taxable under the U.S. tax code as well as related foreign tax credits.

The fiscal year 2024 effective tax rate increased 4.2% as compared to the fiscal year 2023 effective tax rate. The primary drivers of this change are discussed below.

In fiscal year 2024, The Company had more income in higher tax jurisdictions compared to fiscal year 2023, primarily in the U.S. where the Company recorded a charge of approximately $5.1 billion in the fiscal year of 2024 versus approximately $7.0 billion in the fiscal year of 2023, both for the talc matters in the United States. Both charges were recorded at an effective U.S. tax rate of approximately 21% (for further information see Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).

Additionally in the fiscal year 2024, the effective tax rate was unfavorably impacted by legislative changes that went into effect for Pillar Two in some of the Company's foreign jurisdictions which are reflected in International operations on the Company's effective tax rate reconciliation. Also in fiscal year 2024, the Company generated incremental U.S. foreign tax credits related to income sourced and taxed outside the United States and is reflected in U.S. taxes on international income on the Company's effective tax rate reconciliation. In 2024, the Company finalized multi-year transfer pricing agreements with the U.S. Internal Revenue Service (IRS) and certain other foreign jurisdictions. The U.S portion of the agreements were partially offset by the related tax adjustments in the foreign jurisdictions which are reflected in U.S tax settlements and International operations, respectively, on the Company's effective rate reconciliation.

The fiscal year 2023 effective tax rate decreased 3.9% as compared to the fiscal year 2022 effective tax rate as the Company recorded certain non-recurring favorable tax items in fiscal year 2023 when compared to the prior fiscal year.

In the fiscal fourth quarter of 2023, the Company settled the U.S. Internal Revenue Service audit for tax years 2013 through 2016 which resulted in a favorable impact to the rate of 3.0%. This settlement was partially offset by the Company recording a $0.4 billion decrease in expected U.S. foreign tax credits, an unfavorable effective rate impact of 2.6%, which has been reflected as a current tax expense in U.S. taxes on international income on the Company's effective tax rate reconciliation.

In the fiscal year 2023, the Company had certain non-recurring impacts as a result of legislative tax elections made in certain international subsidiaries which resulted in a change in the Company's tax basis in certain assets resulting in deferred tax re-measurements. The net impact of these non-recurring items is a net benefit of 3.4% to the Company's annual effective tax rate, comprised of the following items:
• approximately $0.3 billion of tax benefit on local deferred tax assets to record the remeasurement of the increased tax basis, this benefit has been reflected as International operations on the Company's effective tax rate reconciliation. This benefit was offset by approximately $0.1 billion of U.S. deferred tax expense on the GILTI deferred tax liability resulting from the remeasurement of these deferred tax assets. This has been reflected in the "U.S. tax on international income" on the Company's effective tax rate reconciliation.
• approximately $0.3 billion of U.S. deferred tax benefit on the GILTI deferred tax related to an election made by an international subsidiary resulting in a decrease in local deferred tax assets. This has been reflected in the U.S. taxes on international income on the Company's effective tax rate reconciliation.

The Company also had lower income in higher tax jurisdictions vs. fiscal year 2022, primarily in the U.S. where the Company recorded an approximately $7.0 billion charge related to talc matters in the United States at an effective tax rate of 21.1% (for further information see Note 19 to the Consolidated Financial Statements).

Temporary differences and carryforwards at the end of fiscal years 2024 and 2023 were as follows: The Company has wholly-owned international subsidiaries that have cumulative net losses. The Company believes that it is more likely than not that these subsidiaries will generate future taxable income sufficient to partially utilize these deferred tax assets. In certain jurisdictions, valuation allowances have been recorded against deferred tax assets for loss carryforwards that are not more likely than not to be realized. The net operating loss carryforwards for these international subsidiaries that do not have an indefinite carryforward period will begin to expire in 2025 for various amounts.

The following table summarizes the activity related to valuation allowances for continuing operations: The following table summarizes the activity related to unrecognized tax benefits for continuing operations: As of December 29, 2024 the Company had approximately $2.0 billion of unrecognized tax benefits. The Company conducts business and files tax returns in numerous countries and currently has tax audits in progress with a number of tax authorities. With respect to the United States, the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) has completed its audit for the tax years through 2016 and has commenced the audit for tax years 2017 through 2020. The Company recently finalized multi-year transfer pricing agreements with the IRS and certain other foreign jurisdictions in the fiscal fourth quarter of 2024.

In other major jurisdictions where the Company conducts business, the years that remain open to tax audits go back to the year 2013. The Company believes it is possible that some tax audits may be completed over the next twelve months by taxing authorities in some jurisdictions. The Company anticipates a change in uncertain tax positions of approximately $200 million in certain jurisdictions in the next twelve months due to the expected expiration of the statute of limitations. However, generally the Company is not able to provide a reasonably reliable estimate of the timing of any other future tax payments, audit settlements, or changes in uncertain tax positions.

The Company classifies liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits and related interest and penalties as long-term liabilities. Interest expense and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits are classified as income tax expense. The Company recognized after tax interest expense of $217 million, $99 million and $136 million in fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The total amount of accrued interest was $274 million and $264 million in fiscal years 2024 and 2023, respectively.

9. Employee related obligations

At the end of fiscal 2024 and fiscal 2023, employee related obligations recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheets were: Prepaid employee related obligations of $6,046 million and $4,992 million for 2024 and 2023, respectively, are included in Other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets.

10. Pensions and other benefit plans

The Company sponsors various retirement and pension plans, including defined benefit, defined contribution and termination indemnity plans, which cover most employees worldwide. The Company also provides post-retirement benefits, primarily healthcare, to all eligible U.S. retired employees and their dependents.

Many international employees are covered by government-sponsored programs and the cost to the Company is not significant.

In the U.S., non-union pension benefits for employees hired before January 1, 2015 are primarily based on the employee's compensation during the last five years before retirement and the number of years of service (the Final Average Pay formula). U.S. pension benefits for employees hired after 2014, are calculated using a different formula based on employee compensation over total years of service (the Retirement Value formula).

In January 2021, the Company announced that, effective on January 1, 2026, all eligible U.S. non-union employees, regardless of hire date, will earn benefits under the Retirement Value formula. This amendment does not affect the benefits accrued under the Final Average Pay formula for service before January 1, 2026.

International subsidiaries have plans under which funds are deposited with trustees, annuities are purchased under group contracts, or reserves are provided.

The Company does not fund retiree healthcare benefits in advance and has the right to modify these plans in the future.

In 2024 and 2023 the Company used December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, as the measurement date for all U.S. and international retirement and other benefit plans.

Net periodic benefit costs for the Company's defined benefit retirement plans and other benefit plans for 2024, 2023 and 2022 include the following components: The service cost component of net periodic benefit cost is presented in the same line items on the Consolidated Statement of Earnings where other employee compensation costs are reported, including Cost of products sold, Research and development expense, Selling, marketing and administrative expenses, and Net earnings from discontinued operations, net of taxes if related to the separation of Kenvue. All other components of net periodic benefit cost are presented as part of Other (income) expense, net on the Consolidated Statement of Earnings, with the exception of certain amounts for curtailments and settlements, which are reported in Net earnings from discontinued operations, net of taxes if related to the separation of Kenvue (as noted above).

Unrecognized gains and losses for the U.S. pension plans are amortized over the average remaining future service for each plan. For plans with no active employees, they are amortized over the average life expectancy. The amortization of gains and losses for the other U.S. benefit plans is determined by using a 10% corridor of the greater of the market value of assets or the accumulated postretirement benefit obligation. Total unamortized gains and losses in excess of the corridor are amortized over the average remaining future service.

Prior service costs/benefits for the U.S. pension plans are amortized over the average remaining future service of plan participants at the time of the plan amendment. Prior service cost/benefit for the other U.S. benefit plans is amortized over the average remaining service to full eligibility age of plan participants at the time of the plan amendment.

The following table represents the weighted-average actuarial assumptions: The Company's discount rates are determined by considering current yield curves representing high quality, long-term fixed income instruments. The resulting discount rates are consistent with the duration of plan liabilities. The Company's methodology in determining service and interest cost uses duration specific spot rates along that yield curve to the plans' liability cash flows.

The expected rates of return on plan asset assumptions represent the Company's assessment of long-term returns on diversified investment portfolios globally. The assessment is determined using projections from external financial sources, long-term historical averages, actual returns by asset class and the various asset class allocations by market.

The following table displays the assumed healthcare cost trend rates, for all individuals: The following table sets forth information related to the benefit obligation and the fair value of plan assets at fiscal year-end 2024 and 2023 for the Company's defined benefit retirement plans and other post-retirement plans: The Company plans to continue to fund its U.S. Qualified Plans to comply with the Pension Protection Act of 2006. International Plans are funded in accordance with local regulations. Additional discretionary contributions are made when deemed appropriate to meet the long-term obligations of the plans. For certain plans, funding is not a common practice, as funding provides no economic benefit. Consequently, the Company has several pension plans that are not funded.

In 2024, the Company contributed $122 million and $107 million to its U.S. and international pension plans, respectively.

The following table displays the funded status of the Company's U.S. Qualified & Non-Qualified pension plans and international funded and unfunded pension plans at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively: Plans with accumulated benefit obligations in excess of plan assets have an accumulated benefit obligation, projected benefit obligation and plan assets of $5.8 billion, $6.1 billion and $3.2 billion, respectively, at the end of 2024, and $5.8 billion, $6.1 billion and $3.1 billion, respectively, at the end of 2023.

The following table displays the projected future benefit payments from the Company's retirement and other benefit plans: The following table displays the projected future minimum contributions to the unfunded retirement plans. These amounts do not include any discretionary contributions that the Company may elect to make in the future.

Each pension plan is overseen by a local committee or board that is responsible for the overall administration and investment of the pension plans. In determining investment policies, strategies and goals, each committee or board considers factors including, local pension rules and regulations; local tax regulations; availability of investment vehicles (separate accounts, commingled accounts, insurance funds, etc.); funded status of the plans; ratio of actives to retirees; duration of liabilities; and other relevant factors including: diversification, liquidity of local markets and liquidity of base currency. A majority of the Company's pension funds are open to new entrants and are expected to be on-going plans. Permitted investments are primarily liquid and/or listed, with little reliance on illiquid and non-traditional investments such as hedge funds.

The Company's retirement plan asset allocation at the end of 2024 and 2023 and target allocations for 2025 are as follows:

Determination of fair value of plan assets

The Plan has an established and well-documented process for determining fair values. Fair value is based upon quoted market prices, where available. If listed prices or quotes are not available, fair value is based upon models that primarily use, as inputs, market-based or independently sourced market parameters, including yield curves, interest rates, volatilities, equity or debt prices, foreign exchange rates and credit curves.

While the Plan believes its valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of different methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different estimate of fair value at the reporting date.

Valuation hierarchy

The authoritative literature establishes a three-level hierarchy to prioritize the inputs used in measuring fair value. The levels within the hierarchy are described in the table below with Level 1 having the highest priority and Level 3 having the lowest.

The Net Asset Value (NAV) is based on the value of the underlying assets owned by the fund, minus its liabilities, and then divided by the number of shares outstanding.

A financial instrument's categorization within the valuation hierarchy is based upon the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement.

Following is a description of the valuation methodologies used for the investments measured at fair value.
• Short-term investment funds - Cash and quoted short-term instruments are valued at the closing price or the amount held on deposit by the custodian bank. Other investments are through investment vehicles valued using the NAV provided by the administrator of the fund. The NAV is a quoted price in a market that is not active and classified as Level 2.
• Government and agency securities - A limited number of these investments are valued at the closing price reported on the major market on which the individual securities are traded. Where quoted prices are available in an active market, the investments are classified within Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy. If quoted market prices are not available for the specific security, then fair values are estimated by using pricing models, quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics or discounted cash flows. When quoted market prices for a security are not available in an active market, they are classified as Level 2.
• Debt instruments - A limited number of these investments are valued at the closing price reported on the major market on which the individual securities are traded. Where quoted prices are available in an active market, the investments are classified as Level 1. If quoted market prices are not available for the specific security, then fair values are estimated by using pricing models, quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics or discounted cash flows and are classified as Level 2. Level 3 debt instruments are priced based on unobservable inputs.
• Equity securities - Equity securities are valued at the closing price reported on the major market on which the individual securities are traded. Substantially all equity securities are classified within Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy.
• Commingled funds - These investment vehicles are valued using the NAV provided by the fund administrator. Assets in the Level 2 category have a quoted market price.
• Other assets - Other assets are represented primarily by limited partnerships. These investment vehicles are valued using the NAV provided by the fund administrator. Other assets that are exchange listed and actively traded are classified as Level 1, while inactively traded assets are classified as Level 2.

The following table sets forth the Retirement Plans' investments measured at fair value as of December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023: (1)The activity for the Level 3 assets is not significant for all years presented.

The Company's Other Benefit Plans are unfunded except for U.S. commingled funds (Level 2) of $93 million and $86 million at December 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively.

The fair value of Johnson & Johnson Common Stock directly held in plan assets was $13 million at December 31, 2024 and $14 million at December 31, 2023.

11. Savings plan

The Company has voluntary 401(k) savings plans designed to enhance the existing retirement programs covering eligible employees. The Company matches a percentage of each employee's contributions consistent with the provisions of the plan for which the employee is eligible. Total Company matching contributions to the plans were $282 million, $263 million and $257 million in fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.

12. Capital and treasury stock

Changes in treasury stock were: Aggregate shares of common stock issued were approximately 3,119,843,000 shares at the end of fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022.

Cash dividends paid were $4.91 per share in fiscal year 2024, compared with dividends of $4.70 per share in fiscal year 2023, and $4.45 per share in fiscal year 2022.

On January 2, 2025, the Board of Directors declared a regular cash dividend of $1.24 per share, payable on March 4, 2025 to shareholders of record as of February 18, 2025.

On September 14, 2022, the Company announced that its Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program, authorizing the Company to purchase up to $5.0 billion of the Company's shares of common stock. The repurchase program was completed during the fiscal first quarter of 2023.

13. Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss)

Components of other comprehensive income (loss) consist of the following: Amounts in accumulated other comprehensive income are presented net of the related tax impact. Foreign currency translation is not adjusted for income taxes where it relates to permanent investments in international subsidiaries. For additional details on comprehensive income see the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income.

Details on reclassifications out of Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income:

Gain/(Loss) On Securities - reclassifications released to Other (income) expense, net.

Employee Benefit Plans - reclassifications are included in net periodic benefit cost. See Note 10 for additional details.

Gain/(Loss) On Derivatives & Hedges - reclassifications to earnings are recorded in the same account as the hedged transaction. See Note 6 for additional details.
* Includes impact of curtailments and settlements in connection with separation from Kenvue.

14. International currency translation

For translation of its subsidiaries operating in non-U.S. Dollar currencies, the Company has determined that the local currencies of its international subsidiaries are the functional currencies except those in highly inflationary economies, which are defined as those which have had compound cumulative rates of inflation of 100% or more during the past three years, or where a substantial portion of its cash flows are not in the local currency. For the majority of the Company's subsidiaries the local currency is the functional currency.

In consolidating international subsidiaries, balance sheet currency effects are recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive income. The other current and non-current assets line within the Statement of Cash flows includes the impact of foreign currency translation. This equity account includes the results of translating certain balance sheet assets and liabilities at current exchange rates and some accounts at historical rates, except for those located in highly inflationary economies (Argentina, Turkey and Venezuela). Beginning in the fiscal fourth quarter of 2024, the Company also accounted for operations in Egypt as highly inflationary. The translation of balance sheet accounts for highly inflationary economies are reflected in the operating results.

A rollforward of the changes during fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022 for foreign currency translation adjustments is included in Note 13.

Net currency transaction gains and losses included in Other (income) expense were losses of $214 million, $366 million and $286 million in fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.

15. Earnings per share

The following is a reconciliation of basic net earnings per share to diluted net earnings per share for the fiscal years ended December 29, 2024, December 31, 2023 and January 1, 2023:

16. Common stock, stock option plans and stock compensation agreements

At December 29, 2024, the Company had one active stock-based compensation plan, the 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan. The shares outstanding are for contracts under the Company's 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan and 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan. The 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan expired on April 26, 2022. All awards (stock options, restricted shares units and performance share units) granted subsequent to that date were under the 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan. Under the 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan, the Company may issue up to 150 million shares of common stock, of which up to 110 million shares of common stock may be issued subject to stock options or stock appreciation rights and up to 40 million shares of common stock may be issued subject to full value awards. Awards will generally be counted on a 1-for-1 basis against the share reserve, provided that if more than 40 million full value awards are granted, each full value award in excess of 40 million will be counted on a 5-for-1 basis against the share reserve. Shares available for future grants under the 2022 Long-Term Incentive Plan were 111 million at the end of fiscal year 2024.

The compensation cost that has been charged against income for these plans was $1,176 million, $1,087 million and $1,028 million for fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The total income tax benefit recognized in the income statement for share-based compensation costs was $251 million, $221 million and $177 million for fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Company also recognized additional income tax benefits of $94 million, $126 million and $267 million for fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, for which options were exercised or restricted shares were vested. The total unrecognized compensation cost was $1,002 million, $907 million and $866 million for fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The weighted average period for this cost to be recognized was 1.81 years, 1.80 years and 1.80 years for fiscal years 2024, 2023, and 2022, respectively. Share-based compensation costs capitalized as part of inventory were insignificant in all periods.

The Company settles employee benefit equity issuances with treasury shares. Treasury shares are replenished through market purchases throughout the year for the number of shares used to settle employee benefit equity issuances.

Stock options

Stock options expire 10 years from the date of grant and vest over service periods that range from 6 months to 4 years. Options granted under the 2012 Long-Term Incentive Plan were granted at the average of the high and low prices of the Company's Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange on the date of grant. Options granted under the 2022 Long-Term incentive Plan were granted at the closing price of the Company's Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange on the date of grant.

The fair value of each option award was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option valuation model that uses the assumptions noted in the following table. For 2024, 2023, and 2022 grants, expected volatility represents a blended rate of 10-year weekly historical overall volatility rate, and a 5-week average implied volatility rate based on at-the-money traded Johnson & Johnson options with a life of 2 years. For all grants, historical data is used to determine the expected life of the option. The risk-free rate was based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant.

The average fair value of options granted was $27.67, $27.85 and $23.23, in fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The fair value was estimated based on the weighted average assumptions of: A summary of option activity under the Plan as of December 29, 2024, is presented below: The total intrinsic value of options exercised was $560 million, $729 million and $1,228 million in fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.

The following table summarizes stock options outstanding and exercisable at December 29, 2024: (1)Average contractual life remaining in years.

Stock options outstanding at December 31, 2023 and January 1, 2023 were 112,238 and an average life of 5.5 years and 118,672 and an average life of 5.8 years, respectively. Stock options exercisable at December 31, 2023 and January 1, 2023 were 66,998 at an average price of $123.39 and 63,661 at an average price of $113.06, respectively.

Restricted share units and performance share units

The Company grants restricted share units which vest over service periods that range from 6 months to 3 years. The Company also grants performance share units, which are paid in shares of Johnson & Johnson Common Stock after the end of a three-year performance period. Performance shares were granted with two equally-weighted goals that directly align with or help drive long-term total shareholder return: adjusted operational earnings per share and relative total shareholder return. The number of shares actually earned at the end of the three-year period will vary, based only on actual performance, from 0% to 200% of the target number of performance share units granted.

A summary of the restricted share units and performance share units activity under the Plans as of December 29, 2024 is presented below: The average fair value of the restricted share units granted was $147.51, $152.63 and $153.67 in fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively, using the fair market value at the date of grant. The fair value of restricted share units was discounted for dividends, which are not paid on the restricted share units during the vesting period. The fair value of restricted share units issued was $833 million, $605 million and $591 million in 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.

The weighted average fair value of the performance share units granted was $133.76, $145.17 and $170.46 in fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, calculated using the weighted average fair market value for each of the component goals at the date of grant.

The fair values for the earnings per share goals of each performance share unit were estimated on the date of grant using the fair market value of the shares at the time of the award discounted for dividends, which are not paid on the performance share units during the vesting period. The fair value for the relative total shareholder return goal of each performance share unit was estimated on the date of grant using the Monte Carlo valuation model. The fair value of performance share units issued was $146 million, $140 million and $94 million in fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, respectively.

17. Segments of business and geographic areas

Following the separation of the Consumer Health business in the fiscal third quarter of 2023, the Company is now organized into two reportable segments: Innovative Medicine and MedTech. The segment results have been recast for all periods to reflect the continuing operations of the Company.

The Company's chief operating decision maker (CODM) is the Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer). For the Innovative Medicine and MedTech segments, the CODM uses segment income before tax to allocate resources (including employees, financial, and capital resources) for each segment predominantly in the annual forecasting process. The CODM considers planning-to-actual variances on a quarterly basis to assess performance and make decisions about allocating resources to the segments.
* percentage greater than 100% or not meaningful

(1)Previously referred to as Interventional Solutions

(2)Acquired on December 22, 2022

(3)Acquired on May 31, 2024

See Note 1 for a description of the segments in which the Company operates.

Export sales are not significant. In fiscal year 2024, the Company utilized three wholesalers distributing products for both segments that represented approximately 20.5%, 15.6% and 12.3% of the total gross revenues. In fiscal year 2023, the Company had three wholesalers distributing products for both segments that represented approximately 18.2%, 15.1% and 14.2% of the total gross revenues. In fiscal year 2022, the Company had three wholesalers distributing products for all three segments that represented approximately 18.9%, 15.0%, and 13.8% of the total gross revenues.

(1)Other segment expenses for each reportable segment include charges related to other income and expenses, restructuring activities and impairment charges related to in-process research and development.

(2)Amounts not allocated to segments include interest (income)/expense and general corporate (income)/expense. The fiscal years 2024 and 2023 include charges for talc matters of approximately $5.1 billion and $7 billion, respectively (See Note 19, Legal proceedings, for additional details). The fiscal year 2024 includes a loss of approximately $0.4 billion related to the debt to equity exchange of the Company's remaining shares of Kenvue Common Stock. The fiscal year 2023 includes the unfavorable change in the fair value of the retained stake in Kenvue of approximately $0.4 billion.

(3)Innovative Medicine segment income before tax includes:
• Acquired in-process research & development expense of $1.25 billion to secure the global rights to the NM26 bispecific antibody (Yellow Jersey acquisition)
• Monetization of royalty rights of $0.3 billion
• Litigation expense of $0.3 billion primarily related to Risperdal Gynecomastia
• An intangible asset impairment charge of approximately $0.2 billion associated with the M710 (biosimilar) asset acquired as part of the acquisition of Momenta Pharmaceuticals in 2020.
• A restructuring related charge of $0.1 billion
• One-time COVID-19 Vaccine manufacturing exit related costs of $0.1 billion
• Favorable changes in the fair value of securities of $0.1 billion MedTech segment income before tax includes:
• Acquisition and integration related costs of $1.0 billion primarily related to the acquisition of Shockwave
• Acquired in-process research and development expense of $0.5 billion from the V-Wave acquisition
• A gain of $0.2 billion related to the Acclarent divestiture
• A Medical Device Regulation charge of $0.2 billion
• A restructuring related charge of $0.2 billion (4)Innovative Medicine segment income before tax includes:
• One-time COVID-19 Vaccine manufacturing exit related costs of $0.7 billion
• A restructuring related charge of $0.5 billion
• Unfavorable changes in the fair value of securities of $0.4 billion
• Favorable litigation related items of $0.1 billion
• Loss on divestiture of $0.2 billion.
• An intangible asset impairment charge of approximately $0.2 billion related to market dynamics associated with a non-strategic asset (M710) acquired as part of the acquisition of Momenta Pharmaceuticals in 2020.

MedTech segment income before tax includes:
• Acquired in-process research and development expense of $0.4 billion related to the Laminar acquisition in 2023
• A restructuring related charge of $0.3 billion
• Acquisition and integration related costs of $0.2 billion primarily related to the acquisition of Abiomed
• A Medical Device Regulation charge of $0.3 billion
• Income from litigation settlements of $0.1 billion (5)Innovative Medicine segment income before tax includes:
• One-time COVID-19 Vaccine manufacturing exit related costs of $1.5 billion
• An intangible asset impairment charge of approximately $0.8 billion related to an in-process research and development asset, bermekimab (JnJ-77474462), an investigational drug for the treatment of Atopic Dermatitis (AD) and Hidradenitis Suppurativa (HS) acquired with the acquisition of XBiotech, Inc. in the fiscal year 2020. Additional information regarding efficacy of the AD and HS indications became available which led the Company to the decision to terminate the development of bermekimab for AD and HS
• Litigation expense of $0.1 billion
• Unfavorable changes in the fair value of securities of $0.7 billion
• A restructuring related charge of $0.1 billion MedTech segment income before tax includes:
• Litigation expense of $0.6 billion primarily for pelvic mesh related costs
• A restructuring related charge of $0.3 billion
• Acquisition and integration related costs of $0.3 billion primarily related to the acquisition of Abiomed
• A Medical Device Regulation charge of $0.3 billion (6) General corporate includes cash, cash equivalents, marketable securities and other corporate assets.

(7)Long-lived assets include property, plant and equipment, net for fiscal years 2024, and 2023 of $20,518 and $19,898, respectively, and intangible assets and goodwill, net for fiscal years 2024 and 2023 of $81,818 and $70,733, respectively.

18. Acquisitions and divestitures

Subsequent to the fiscal year end 2024, the Company announced it has entered into a definitive agreement to acquire Intra-Cellular Therapies, Inc. (Nasdaq: ITCI), a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of therapeutics for central nervous system (CNS) disorders, for $132.00 per share in cash for a total equity value of approximately $14.6 billion. The Company expects to fund the transaction through a combination of cash on hand and debt. The closing of the transaction is expected to occur later this year subject to applicable regulatory approvals, approval by Intra-Cellular Therapies' stockholders and other customary closing conditions for a transaction of this type. The results of operations will be included in the Innovative Medicine segment beginning on the acquisition date.

Business combinations

Acquisitions of a business are accounted for as business combinations applying the acquisition method of accounting. Under this method, the assets acquired and liabilities assumed are recorded at their respective fair values as of the acquisition date in the Company's consolidated financial statements. The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the acquired net assets, where applicable, is recorded as goodwill. The results of operations of these acquisitions have been included in the Company's financial statements from their respective dates of acquisition.

During the fiscal year 2024, certain businesses were acquired for $15.1 billion, net of cash acquired. The fiscal year 2024 acquisitions primarily included; Ambrx Biopharma, Inc., Shockwave Medical Inc., and Proteologix, Inc. The remaining acquisitions were not material.

On June 20, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of Proteologix, Inc., a privately held biotechnology company focused on bispecific antibodies for immune-mediated diseases, for approximately $0.8 billion net of cash acquired, with potential for an additional milestone payment. The results of operations are included in the Innovative Medicine segment as of the acquisition date. The fair value of the acquisition was allocated to assets acquired of $1.2 billion, primarily non-amortizable intangible assets, inclusive of purchased IPR&D, for $0.9 billion, goodwill for $0.3 billion, and $0.3 billion of liabilities assumed which included $0.1 billion related to a contingent consideration. The preliminary purchase price allocation is subject to any subsequent valuation adjustments within the measurement period. A probability of success factor ranging from 30% to 45% was used in the fair value calculation to reflect inherent regulatory and commercial risk of the IPR&D. The discount rate applied was approximately 16%. The goodwill is primarily attributable to synergies expected to arise from the business acquisition and is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes. Acquisition related costs before tax for the fiscal 2024 were not material.

On May 31, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of Shockwave Medical Inc. (SWAV)(Shockwave), a leading, first-to-market provider of innovative intravascular lithotripsy (IVL) technology for the treatment of calcified coronary artery disease (CAD) and peripheral artery disease (PAD) in an all-cash merger transaction. The Company acquired all the outstanding shares of Shockwave's common stock for $335.00 per share through a merger of Shockwave with a subsidiary of the Company. The results of operations were included in the MedTech segment as of the acquisition date.

Details of the fair value amounts recognized for assets acquired and liabilities assumed as of the purchase date and at the end of fiscal year 2024, which includes measurement period adjustments, are included in the table below. As the acquisition occurred in May 2024, the Company is still finalizing the allocation of the purchase price to the individual assets acquired and liabilities assumed. The allocation of the purchase price included in the current period balance sheet is based on the best estimate of management and is preliminary and subject to change.
* Represents the convertible debt which was subsequently paid in the fiscal second quarter of 2024.

** Includes $0.2 billion of equity awards The goodwill is primarily attributable to synergies expected to arise from the business acquisition and is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes. Acquisition related costs before tax for the fiscal 2024 were $0.9 billion of which $0.4 billion was related to the fair value of the inventory step-up and was recorded in Cost of products sold and $0.5 billion primarily related to equity awards and was recorded in Other (income) expense. The amortizable intangible assets were primarily comprised of already in-market CAD and PAD IVL products with the average weighted lives of 14 years. The IPR&D assets were valued for technology programs for unapproved products. The value of the IPR&D was calculated using a probability-adjusted cash flow projection discounted for the risk inherent in such projects with the weighted average probability of success factors of approximately 50%. The discount rate applied was 9.0%.

On March 7, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of Ambrx Biopharma, Inc., (Ambrx), a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company with a proprietary synthetic biology technology platform to design and develop next-generation antibody drug conjugates (ADCs), in an all-cash merger transaction for a total equity value of approximately $2.0 billion, or $1.8 billion net of cash acquired. The Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of Ambrx's common stock for $28.00 per share through a merger of Ambrx with a subsidiary of the Company. The results of operations were included in the Innovative Medicine segment as of the acquisition date. The fair value of the acquisition was allocated to assets acquired of $2.3 billion, primarily non-amortizable intangible assets, inclusive of purchased IPR&D, for $1.9 billion, goodwill for $0.3 billion and liabilities assumed of $0.5 billion, which includes deferred taxes of $0.4 billion. The preliminary purchase price allocation is subject to any subsequent valuation adjustments within the measurement period. A probability of success factor ranging from 40% to 70% was used in the fair value calculation to reflect inherent regulatory and commercial risk of the IPR&D. The discount rate applied was approximately 17%. The goodwill is primarily attributable to synergies expected to arise from the business acquisition and is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes. Acquisition related costs before tax for the fiscal year 2024 were not material.

During the fiscal year 2023, the Company did not make any acquisitions that qualified as a business combination.

During the fiscal year 2022, certain businesses were acquired for $17.7 billion, net of cash acquired. The fiscal year 2022 acquisitions primarily included Abiomed, Inc. (Abiomed). The remaining acquisitions were not material.

On December 22, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of Abiomed, a leading, first-to-market provider of cardiovascular medical technology with a first-in-kind portfolio for the treatment of coronary artery disease and heart failure which also has an extensive innovation pipeline of life-saving technologies. The transaction broadens the Company's position as a growing cardiovascular innovator, advancing the standard of care in heart failure and recovery, one of healthcare's largest areas of unmet need. The results of operations were included in the MedTech segment as of the date of the acquisition. The acquisition was completed through a tender offer for all outstanding shares. The consideration paid in the acquisition consisted of an upfront payment of $380.00 per share in cash, amounting to $17.1 billion, net of cash acquired, as well as a non-tradeable contingent value right ("CVR") entitling the holder to receive up to $35.00 per share in cash (which with respect to the CVRs total approximately $1.6 billion in the aggregate) if certain commercial and clinical milestones are achieved. The corresponding enterprise value (without taking into account the CVRs) of approximately $16.5 billion includes cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities acquired.

The milestones of the CVR consist of: a.$17.50 per share, payable if net sales for Abiomed products exceeds $3.7 billion during Johnson & Johnson's fiscal second quarter of 2027 through fiscal first quarter of 2028, or if this threshold is not met during this period and is subsequently met during any rolling four quarter period up to the end of Johnson & Johnson's fiscal first quarter of 2029, $8.75 per share; b.$7.50 per share payable upon FDA premarket application approval of the use of Impella® products in ST-elevated myocardial infarction (STEMI) patients without cardiogenic shock by January 1, 2028; and c.$10.00 per share payable upon the first publication of a Class I recommendation for the use of Impella® products in high risk PCI or STEMI with or without cardiogenic shock within four years from their respective clinical endpoint publication dates, but in all cases no later than December 31, 2029.

During the fiscal fourth quarter of 2023, the Company finalized the purchase price allocation. In fiscal 2023, there were purchase price allocation adjustments netting to approximately $0.2 billion with an offsetting increase to goodwill. The fair value of the acquisition was allocated to assets acquired of $20.1 billion (net of $0.3 billion cash acquired), primarily to goodwill for $11.1 billion, amortizable intangible assets for $6.6 billion, IPR&D for $1.1 billion, marketable securities of $0.6 billion and liabilities assumed of $3.0 billion, which includes the fair value of the contingent consideration mentioned above for $0.7 billion and deferred taxes of $2.0 billion. The goodwill is primarily attributable to the commercial acceleration and expansion of the portfolio and is not expected to be deductible for tax purposes. The contingent consideration was recorded in Other Liabilities and adjusted to fair value through the fiscal year end 2024 on the Consolidated Balance Sheet.

The amortizable intangible assets were primarily comprised of already in-market products of the Impella® platform with an average weighted life of 14 years. The IPR&D assets were valued for technology programs for unapproved products. The value of the IPR&D was calculated using probability-adjusted cash flow projections discounted for the risk inherent in such projects. The probability of success factor ranged from 52% to 70%. The discount rate applied was 9.5%.

In the fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022, the Company recorded acquisition related costs before tax of approximately $0.3 billion, $0.2 billion and $0.3 billion, which was primarily recorded in Other (income)/expense.

In accordance with U.S. GAAP standards related to business combinations, and goodwill and other intangible assets, supplemental pro forma information for fiscal years 2024, 2023 and 2022 is not provided, as the impact of the aforementioned acquisitions did not have a material effect on the Company's results of operations.

Asset acquisitions

Acquired In-process research and development (IPR&D) in an asset acquisition is immediately expensed as research and development expense in the Company's consolidated financial statements. Milestone payments incurred prior to regulatory approval are expensed as research and development expense when the milestone event occurs.

The fiscal year 2024 asset acquisitions expensed as research and development included V-Wave Ltd. and the global rights to the NM26 bispecific antibody (Yellow Jersey acquisition). The remaining activity was not material.

On October 8, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of V-Wave Ltd, a privately-held company focused on developing innovative treatment options for patients with heart failure, for an upfront payment of $0.6 billion, with the potential for additional regulatory and commercial milestone payments up to approximately $1.1 billion. The Company recorded an IPR&D charge of approximately $0.5 billion, net of a gain recorded on the Company's existing investment in V-Wave and the results of operations are included in the MedTech segment as of the acquisition date.

On July 11, 2024, the Company completed the acquisition of Yellow Jersey, a demerged subsidiary of Numab Therapeutics AG, to secure the global rights to NM26, a novel, investigational first-in-class bispecific antibody targeting two clinically proven pathways in atopic dermatitis (AD), in an all-cash transaction for approximately $1.25 billion. The Company recorded an IPR&D charge of approximately $1.25 billion, and the results of operations are included in the Innovative Medicine segment as of the acquisition date.

The fiscal year 2023 asset acquisitions expensed as research and development included Laminar Inc. The remaining activity was not material.

During the fiscal year 2023, the Company completed the acquisition of Laminar Inc., a privately-held medical device company focused on eliminating the left atrial appendage (LAA) in patients with non-valvular atrial fibrillation (AFib), for an upfront payment of $0.4 billion. The Company recorded an IPR&D charge of approximately $0.4 billion and the results of operations are included in the MedTech segment as of the acquisition date.

There were no significant asset acquisitions in 2022.

Divestitures

During the fiscal year 2024, the Company completed the divestiture of Acclarent resulting in approximately $0.3 billion in proceeds and the divestiture of Ponvory outside of the U.S. resulting in approximately $0.2 billion in proceeds. All other divestitures were not material.

During the fiscal year 2023, the Company executed divestitures resulting in approximately $0.2 billion in proceeds resulting in gains or losses that were not material. At fiscal year end 2023, the Company held assets, primarily intangibles, on its Consolidated Balance Sheet of approximately $0.3 billion, primarily related to Acclarent and Ponvory, that were subsequently divested in fiscal 2024.

During fiscal year 2022, the Company did not make any material divestitures.

19. Legal proceedings

Johnson & Johnson and certain of its subsidiaries are involved in various lawsuits and claims regarding product liability; intellectual property; commercial; indemnification and other matters; governmental investigations; and other legal proceedings that arise from time to time in the ordinary course of their business.

The Company records accruals for loss contingencies associated with these legal matters when it is probable that a liability will be incurred, and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. As of December 29, 2024, the Company has determined that the liabilities associated with certain litigation matters are probable and can be reasonably estimated. The Company has accrued for these matters and will continue to monitor each related legal issue and adjust accruals as might be warranted based on new information and further developments in accordance with ASC 450-20-25. For these and other litigation and regulatory matters discussed below for which a loss is probable or reasonably possible, the Company is unable to estimate the possible loss or range of loss beyond the amounts accrued. Amounts accrued for legal contingencies often result from a complex series of judgments about future events and uncertainties that rely heavily on estimates and assumptions including timing of related payments. The ability to make such estimates and judgments can be affected by various factors including, among other things, whether damages sought in the proceedings are unsubstantiated or indeterminate; scientific and legal discovery has not commenced or is not complete; proceedings are in early stages; matters present legal uncertainties; there are significant facts in dispute; procedural or jurisdictional issues; the uncertainty and unpredictability of the number of potential claims; ability to achieve comprehensive multi-party settlements; complexity of related cross-claims and counterclaims; and/or there are numerous parties involved. To the extent adverse awards, judgments or verdicts have been rendered against the Company, the Company does not record an accrual until a loss is determined to be probable and can be reasonably estimated.

In the Company's opinion, based on its examination of these matters, its experience to date and discussions with counsel, the ultimate outcome of legal proceedings, net of liabilities accrued in the Company's balance sheet, is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company's financial position. However, the resolution of, or increase in accruals for, one or more of these matters in any reporting period may have a material adverse effect on the Company's results of operations and cash flows for that period.

Matters concerning talc

A significant number of personal injury claims alleging that talc causes cancer have been asserted against the Company and its affiliates arising out of the use of body powders containing talc, primarily JOHNSON'S Baby Powder.

In talc cases that have gone to trial, the Company has obtained a number of defense verdicts, but there also have been verdicts against the Company, many of which have been reversed on appeal. In June 2020, the Missouri Court of Appeals reversed in part and affirmed in part a July 2018 verdict of $4.7 billion in Ingham v. Johnson & Johnson, et al., No. ED 207476 (Mo. App.), reducing the overall award to $2.1 billion. An application for transfer of the case to the Missouri Supreme Court was subsequently denied, and in June 2021, a petition for certiorari, seeking a review of the Ingham decision by the United States Supreme Court, was denied. In June 2021, the Company paid the award, which, including interest, totaled approximately $2.5 billion. The facts and circumstances, including the terms of the award, were unique to the Ingham decision and not representative of other claims brought against the Company. The Company continues to believe that it has strong legal grounds to contest the other talc verdicts that it has appealed. Notwithstanding the Company's confidence in the safety of its talc products, in certain circumstances the Company has settled cases.

In June 2014, the Mississippi Attorney General filed a complaint against the Company alleging violation of the Mississippi Consumer Protection Act by failing to disclose alleged health risks associated with female consumers' use of talc contained in JOHNSON'S Baby Powder and JOHNSON'S Shower to Shower (a product divested in 2012). The Company has reached an agreement to resolve this matter.

In January 2020, the State of New Mexico filed a consumer protection case alleging that the Company deceptively marketed and sold its talcum powder products by making misrepresentations about the safety of the products and the presence of carcinogens, including asbestos. The Company has reached an agreement to resolve this matter.

Forty-two states and the District of Columbia commenced a joint investigation into the Company's marketing of its talcum powder products. In January 2024, the Company reached an agreement in principle with the multi-state group of state Attorneys General, subject to ongoing negotiation of non-monetary terms. In June 2024, the settlements were finalized.

In October 2021, Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc. (Old JJCI) implemented a corporate restructuring (the 2021 Corporate Restructuring). As a result of that restructuring, Old JJCI ceased to exist and three new entities were created: (a) LTL Management LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company (LTL or Debtor); (b) Royalty A&M LLC, a North Carolina limited liability company and a direct subsidiary of LTL (RAM); and (c) the Debtor's direct parent, Johnson & Johnson Consumer Inc., a New Jersey company (New JJCI). The Debtor received certain of Old JJCI's assets and became solely responsible for the talc-related liabilities of Old JJCI, including all liabilities related in any way to injury or damage, or alleged injury or damage, sustained or incurred in the purchase or use of, or exposure to, talc, including talc contained in any product, or to the risk of, or responsibility for, any such damage or injury, except for any liabilities for which the exclusive remedy is provided under a workers' compensation statute or act (the Talc-Related Liabilities).

In October 2021, notwithstanding the Company's confidence in the safety of its talc products, the Debtor filed a voluntary petition with the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Western District of North Carolina, Charlotte Division, seeking relief under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (the LTL Bankruptcy Case). All litigation against LTL, Old JJCI, New JJCI, the Company, other of their corporate affiliates, identified retailers, insurance companies, and certain other parties (the Protected Parties) was stayed. The LTL Bankruptcy Case was transferred to the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of New Jersey. Claimants filed motions to dismiss the LTL Bankruptcy Case and, following a multiple day hearing, the New Jersey Bankruptcy Court denied those motions in March 2022.

The claimants subsequently filed notices of appeal as to the denial of the motions to dismiss the LTL Bankruptcy Case and the extension of the stay to the Protected Parties. On January 30, 2023, the Third Circuit reversed the Bankruptcy Court's ruling and remanded to the Bankruptcy Court to dismiss the LTL bankruptcy.

In April 2023, the New Jersey Bankruptcy Court dismissed the LTL Bankruptcy Case, effectively lifting the stay as to all parties and returning the talc litigation to the tort system. LTL re-filed in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of New Jersey seeking relief under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (the LTL 2 Bankruptcy Case). As a result of the new filing, all talc claims against LTL were again automatically stayed pursuant to section 362 of the Bankruptcy Code. Additionally, the New Jersey Bankruptcy Court issued a temporary restraining order staying all litigation as to LTL, Old JJCI, New JJCI, the Company, identified retailers, and certain other parties (the New Protected Parties).

Also in April 2023, the New Jersey Bankruptcy Court issued a decision that granted limited injunctive relief to the Company and the New Protected Parties (the LTL 2 Preliminary Injunction). The LTL 2 Preliminary Injunction remained in force until late August 2023, following the Bankruptcy Court's extension of the initial LTL 2 Preliminary Injunction in June 2023. Under the LTL 2 Preliminary Injunction, except for those cases filed in the federal court ovarian cancer multi-district litigation, discovery in all personal injury and wrongful death matters was permitted to proceed.

Furthermore, in April 2023, the Talc Claimants' Committee filed a motion to dismiss the LTL 2 Bankruptcy followed by similar motions from other claimants. Hearings on the motions to dismiss occurred in June 2023. In July 2023, the court dismissed the LTL 2 Bankruptcy case and, the same day, the Company stated its intent to appeal the decision and to continue its efforts to obtain a resolution of the talc claims. In September 2023, the Bankruptcy Court entered an order granting LTL leave to seek a direct appeal to the Third Circuit Court of Appeals. In October 2023, the Third Circuit granted LTL's petition for a direct appeal. In July 2024, the Third Circuit issued a non-precedential opinion affirming the Bankruptcy Court's decision to dismiss the LTL Bankruptcy case.

In October 2023, the Company stated that it was pursuing the following four parallel and alternative pathways to achieve a comprehensive and final resolution of the talc claims: (i) the appeal of the LTL 2 dismissal decision; (ii) pursuing a consensual "prepackaged" bankruptcy case, as "strongly encouraged" by the Bankruptcy Court in its dismissal decision; (iii) aggressively litigating the talc claims in the tort system; and (iv) pursuing affirmative claims against experts for false and defamatory narratives regarding the Company's talc powder products. In December 2023, LTL changed its state of formation to Texas and its name to LLT Management LLC ("LLT").

Following the dismissal of LTL 2, new lawsuits were filed, cases across the country that had been stayed were reactivated, and trials have commenced. The majority of the cases are pending in federal court, organized in a multi-district litigation (MDL) in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey. In the MDL, case-specific discovery proceeded. The MDL proceedings have been stayed by order of the bankruptcy court in the Red River Bankruptcy case discussed below. In March 2024, the court granted the Company's motion for a renewed Daubert hearing prior to the trial. The briefing on the renewed Daubert issues was completed in August 2024.

In May 2024, the Company commenced a three-month solicitation period of its proposed consensual "prepackaged" Chapter 11 bankruptcy plan (the "Proposed Plan") for the comprehensive and final resolution of all current and future claims related to cosmetic talc in the United States, excluding claims related to mesothelioma or State consumer protection claims, in exchange for the payment by the Company of present value of approximately $6.475 billion payable over 25 years (nominal value of approximately $8.0 billion, discounted at a rate of 4.4%). The claims encompassed by the Proposed Plan constitute 99.75% of pending lawsuits against the Company relating to its talc powder products.

In August 2024, LLT engaged in a restructuring that resulted in the creation of three new Texas limited liability companies: (a) Red River Talc, LLC ("Red River"); (b) Pecos River Talc LLC ("Pecos River"); and (3) New Holdco (Texas) LLC. As a result of this restructuring, all claims related to ovarian and other gynecological cancers were separated and allocated to Red River, and mesothelioma, governmental unit and certain other claims were allocated to Pecos River.

In September 2024, while reiterating the Company's continued confidence in the safety of its talc products, Red River filed a voluntary petition with the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas, seeking relief under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code (the Red River Bankruptcy Case), in furtherance of the Company's consensual "prepackaged" Proposed Plan. Red River also filed a motion for a temporary restraining order, seeking to extend the automatic stay to additional non-debtor entities. Prior to filing, the initial proposed plan was amended to, among other things, increase the proposed resolution by $1.75 billion.

Shortly after Red River filed its Chapter 11 petition, the U.S. Trustee's office filed a motion to transfer venue in the New Jersey Bankruptcy Court, and thereafter, a motion to transfer venue and a motion to dismiss in the Texas Bankruptcy Court. A coalition of six plaintiff law firms also filed a motion to transfer venue and a motion to dismiss in the Texas Bankruptcy Court. In September 2024, the Texas Bankruptcy Court entered a temporary order enjoining the commencement or prosecution of all claims against Red River and certain non-debtor entities, including the Company, until October 11, 2024. The temporary order was extended in October 2024 and again in December 2024. The commencement and prosecution of all claims against Red River and certain non-debtor entities are currently enjoined until March 15, 2025. Also in September 2024, the New Jersey Bankruptcy Court denied the U.S. Trustee's motion to transfer venue without prejudice. In October 2024, the Texas Bankruptcy Court denied the motion to transfer venue from Texas to New Jersey Bankruptcy Court. A consolidated hearing to address, among other things, the motions to dismiss and plan confirmation is currently scheduled to begin on February 18, 2025.

Mesothelioma and State consumer protection claims are being addressed outside the Proposed Plan. The Company separately has resolved 95% of the mesothelioma lawsuits filed to date and has resolved the State claims.

To account for these settlements and the contemplated comprehensive resolution through the Proposed Plan, the Company recorded a cumulative incremental charge of approximately $5.0 billion, through the fourth fiscal quarter 2024. As of December 29, 2024, the total present value of the reserve is approximately $11.6 billion (or nominal value of approximately $13.5 billion), net of payments made in fiscal 2024. Approximately ten percent of the reserve is recorded as a current liability. The recorded amount remains the Company's best estimate of probable loss.

In February 2019, the Company's talc supplier, Imerys Talc America, Inc. and two of its affiliates, Imerys Talc Vermont, Inc. and Imerys Talc Canada, Inc. (collectively, Imerys) filed a voluntary petition for relief under Chapter 11 of the United States Code (the Bankruptcy Code) in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Delaware (Imerys Bankruptcy). The Imerys Bankruptcy relates to Imerys's potential liability for personal injury from exposure to talcum powder sold by Imerys. In its bankruptcy, Imerys alleges it has claims against the Company for indemnification and rights to joint insurance proceeds. In its bankruptcy, Imerys proposed a Chapter 11 plan (the Imerys Plan) that contemplated all talc-related claims against it being channeled to a trust along with its alleged indemnification rights against the Company. Following confirmation and consummation of the plan, the trust would pay talc claims pursuant to proposed trust distribution procedures (the TDP) and then seek indemnification from the Company.

In February 2021, Cyprus Mines Corporation (Cyprus), which had owned certain Imerys talc mines, filed a voluntary petition for relief under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code and filed its Disclosure Statement and Plan (the Cyprus Plan). The Cyprus Plan contemplates a settlement with Imerys and talc claimants where Cyprus would make a monetary contribution to a trust established under the Imerys Plan in exchange for an injunction against talc claims asserted against it and certain affiliated parties. Cyprus also asserts it has claims for indemnity against the Company arising out of talc personal injury claims. Under the Cyprus Plan, Cyprus would also contribute its alleged indemnification rights to the trust.

In September 2023, Imerys and Cyprus filed amended plans of reorganization. The amended plans contemplate a similar construct as the prior Imerys and Cyprus Plans, including all talc claims against Imerys and Cyprus (and certain other protected parties) being channeled to a trust along with Imerys's and Cyprus's alleged indemnification rights against the Company. The Company opposed both plans on the basis that the plans inflated Imerys's and Cyprus's liability for talc claims and had the potential effect of imposing those inflated liabilities on the Company through the Company's alleged indemnification obligations.

In July 2024, the Company, Imerys, and Cyprus and certain of their affiliates (including their parent entities), and the tort claimants' committees and future claimants' representatives appointed in their respective Chapter 11 cases entered into a global settlement agreement (the Imerys Settlement Agreement) to resolve their ongoing disputes, including disputes raised in the Imerys and Cyprus bankruptcies. In August 2024, Imerys and Cyprus filed amended Chapter 11 plans and disclosure statements incorporating the terms of the settlement with the Company. In October 2024, the Imerys Bankruptcy Court entered an order approving the Imerys Settlement Agreement (the Settlement Order). The effectiveness of certain provisions of the settlement, including mutual releases, are subject to certain conditions, including the Imerys and Cyprus Plans being accepted by a sufficient number and amount of voting creditors to be confirmed under the Bankruptcy Code. Certain insurers have appealed the Settlement Order and sought a stay of the order pending appeal, which the Court denied on January 13, 2025. The briefing of the appeal in the District Court is scheduled to be completed in April 2025. On January 5, 2025, Imerys and Cyprus each filed a certification of voting results, indicating that their respective plan had been accepted by each voting class of creditors. A joint confirmation hearing for the plans is scheduled for April 2025.

In February 2018, a securities class action lawsuit was filed against the Company and certain named officers in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey, alleging that the Company violated the federal securities laws by failing to disclose alleged asbestos contamination in body powders containing talc, primarily JOHNSON'S Baby Powder, and that purchasers of the Company's shares suffered losses as a result. In April 2019, the Company moved to dismiss the complaint. In December 2019, the Court denied, in part, the motion to dismiss. The case was stayed in May 2022 pursuant to the LTL Bankruptcy Case and was reopened in May 2023. In December 2023, the Court granted Plaintiff's motion for class certification. In January 2024, Defendants filed a petition with the Third Circuit under Federal Rule of Civil Procedure 23(f) for permission to appeal the Court's order granting class certification, and in February 2024, the Third Circuit granted Defendants' petition. In February 2024, fact discovery closed, the Court ordered the parties to mediate, and stayed the case pending mediation. In May 2024, the parties participated in an unsuccessful mediation. In June 2024, at the parties' request, the Court lifted the stay for certain limited discovery, but otherwise kept the stay in place pending a decision from the Third Circuit on the 23(f) petition. Briefing on the 23(f) petition was completed in September 2024. In January 2025, the Third Circuit listed the appeal for oral argument in March 2025.

Matters concerning opioids

Beginning in 2014 and continuing to the present, the Company and Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (JPI), along with other pharmaceutical companies, have been named in close to 3,500 lawsuits related to the marketing of opioids, including DURAGESIC, NUCYNTA and NUCYNTA ER. Similar lawsuits have also been filed by private plaintiffs and organizations, including but not limited to the following: individual plaintiffs on behalf of children born with Neonatal Abstinence Syndrome (NAS); hospitals; and health insurers/payors.

To date, the Company and JPI have litigated two of the cases to judgment and have prevailed in both, either at trial or on appeal.

In July 2021, the Company announced finalization of an agreement to settle the state and subdivision claims for up to $5.0 billion. Approximately 70% of the all-in settlement was paid by the end of fiscal fourth quarter 2024. A few government entities opted out of the settlement. In September 2024, the Company reached an agreement to resolve the hospital cases.

The Company and JPI continue to defend the cases brought by the remaining government entity litigants as well as the cases brought by private litigants. In total, there are approximately 35 remaining opioid cases against the Company and JPI in various state courts, 390 remaining cases in the Ohio multi-district litigation (MDL), and 4 additional cases in other federal courts.

In addition, the Province of British Columbia filed suit against the Company and its Canadian affiliate Janssen Inc., and many other industry members, in Canada. That action was certified as an opt in class action on behalf of other provincial/territorial and the federal governments in Canada in January 2025. Additional proposed class actions have been filed in Canada against the Company and Janssen Inc., and many other industry members, by and on behalf of people who used opioids (for personal injuries), municipalities and First Nations bands. The proposed class action in Quebec on behalf of residents diagnosed with opioid use disorder was authorized to proceed against Janssen Inc. and other industry members in April 2024; and leave to appeal was denied in October 2024.

Starting in November 2019, a series of shareholder derivative complaints were filed against the Company as the nominal defendant and certain current and former directors and officers as defendants in the Superior Court of New Jersey. The complaint alleges breaches of fiduciary duties related to the marketing of opioids, and that the Company has suffered damages as a result of those alleged breaches. As of September 2024, all the complaints had been dismissed, and all appeals exhausted.

Product liability

The Company and certain of its subsidiaries are involved in numerous product liability claims and lawsuits involving multiple products. Claimants in these cases seek substantial compensatory and, where available, punitive damages. While the Company believes it has substantial defenses, it is not feasible to predict the ultimate outcome of litigation. From time to time, even if it has substantial defenses, the Company considers isolated settlements based on a variety of circumstances. The Company has accrued for these matters and will continue to monitor each related legal issue and adjust accruals as might be warranted based on new information and further developments in accordance with ASC 450-20-25, Contingencies. The Company accrues an estimate of the legal defense costs needed to defend each matter when those costs are probable and can be reasonably estimated. For certain of these matters, the Company has accrued additional amounts such as estimated costs associated with settlements, damages and other losses. Product liability accruals can represent projected product liability for thousands of claims around the world, each in different litigation environments and with different fact patterns. Changes to the accruals may be required in the future as additional information becomes available.

The table below contains the most significant of these cases and provides the approximate number of plaintiffs in the United States with direct claims in pending lawsuits regarding injuries allegedly due to the relevant product or product category as of December 29, 2024: The number of pending lawsuits is expected to fluctuate as certain lawsuits are settled or dismissed and additional lawsuits are filed. There may be additional claims that have not yet been filed.

MedTech

DePuy ASR XL Acetabular System and ASR Hip Resurfacing System

In August 2010, DePuy Orthopaedics, Inc. (DePuy) announced a worldwide voluntary recall of its ASR XL Acetabular System and DePuy ASR Hip Resurfacing System (ASR Hip) used in hip replacement surgery. Claims for personal injury have been made against DePuy and the Company. Cases filed in federal courts in the United States have been organized as a multi-district litigation in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Ohio. Litigation has also been filed in countries outside of the United States, primarily in the United Kingdom, Ireland, India and Italy. In November 2013, DePuy reached an agreement with a Court-appointed committee of lawyers representing ASR Hip plaintiffs to establish a program to settle claims with eligible ASR Hip patients in the United States. This settlement program has resolved more than 10,000 claims, thereby bringing to resolution significant ASR Hip litigation activity in the United States. However, lawsuits in the United States remain, and the settlement program does not address litigation outside of the United States. The Company continues to receive information with respect to potential additional costs associated with this recall on a worldwide basis. The Company has established accruals for the costs associated with the United States settlement program and ASR Hip-related product liability litigation.

DePuy PINNACLE Acetabular Cup System

Claims for personal injury have also been made against DePuy Orthopaedics, Inc. and the Company (collectively, DePuy) relating to the PINNACLE Acetabular Cup System used in hip replacement surgery. Product liability lawsuits continue to be filed, and the Company continues to receive information with respect to potential costs and the anticipated number of cases. Most cases filed in federal courts in the United States have been organized as a multi-district litigation in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Texas (Texas MDL). Beginning on June 1, 2022, the Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation ceased transfer of new cases into the Texas MDL, and there are now cases pending in federal court outside the Texas MDL. Litigation also has been filed in state courts and in countries outside of the United States. During the first quarter of 2019, DePuy established a United States settlement program to resolve these cases. As part of the settlement program, adverse verdicts have been settled. The Company has established an accrual for product liability litigation associated with the PINNACLE Acetabular Cup System and the related settlement program.

Ethicon Pelvic Mesh

Claims for personal injury have been made against Ethicon, Inc. (Ethicon) and the Company arising out of Ethicon's pelvic mesh devices used to treat stress urinary incontinence and pelvic organ prolapse. The Company continues to receive information with respect to potential costs and additional cases. Cases filed in federal courts in the United States had been organized as a multi-district litigation (MDL) in the United States District Court for the Southern District of West Virginia. In March 2021, the MDL Court entered an order closing the MDL. The MDL Court has remanded cases for trial to the jurisdictions where the case was originally filed and additional pelvic mesh lawsuits have been filed, and remain, outside of the MDL. The Company has settled or otherwise resolved the majority of the United States cases and the estimated costs associated with these settlements and the remaining cases are reflected in the Company's accruals. In addition, class actions and individual personal injury cases or claims seeking damages for alleged injury resulting from Ethicon's pelvic mesh devices have been commenced in various countries outside of the United States, including claims and cases in the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, and Ireland, and class actions in Israel, Australia, Canada and South Africa. The vast majority of these actions are now resolved. The Company has established accruals with respect to product liability litigation associated with Ethicon's pelvic mesh products.

Ethicon Physiomesh

Following a June 2016 worldwide market withdrawal of Ethicon Physiomesh Flexible Composite Mesh (Physiomesh), claims for personal injury have been made against Ethicon, Inc. (Ethicon) and the Company alleging personal injury arising out of the use of this hernia mesh device. Cases filed in federal courts in the United States have been organized as a multi-district litigation (MDL) in the United States District Court for the Northern District of Georgia. A multi-county litigation (MCL) also has been formed in New Jersey state court and assigned to Atlantic County for cases pending in New Jersey. In addition to the matters in the MDL and MCL, there are additional lawsuits pending in the United States District Court for the Southern District of Ohio, which are part of the MDL for polypropylene mesh devices manufactured by C.R. Bard, Inc., and lawsuits pending in two New Jersey MCLs formed for Proceed/Proceed Ventral Patch and Prolene Hernia systems, and lawsuits pending outside the United States. In May 2021, Ethicon and lead counsel for the plaintiffs entered into a term sheet to resolve approximately 3,600 Physiomesh cases (covering approximately 4,300 plaintiffs) pending in the MDL and MCL at that time. A master settlement agreement (MSA) was entered into in September 2021 and includes 3,729 cases in the MDL and MCL. Other than a small number of cases still pending in the MDL, all Physiomesh matters in the United States have been resolved or are undergoing formal review for purposes of settlement.

Claims have also been filed against Ethicon and the Company alleging personal injuries arising from the PROCEED Mesh and PROCEED Ventral Patch hernia mesh products. In March 2019, the New Jersey Supreme Court entered an order consolidating these cases pending in New Jersey as an MCL in Atlantic County Superior Court. Additional cases have been filed in various federal and state courts in the United States, and in jurisdictions outside the United States.

Ethicon and the Company also have been subject to claims for personal injuries arising from the PROLENE Polypropylene Hernia System. In January 2020, the New Jersey Supreme Court created an MCL in Atlantic County Superior Court to handle such cases. Cases involving this product have also been filed in other federal and state courts in the United States.

In October 2022, an agreement in principle, subject to various conditions, was reached to settle the majority of the pending cases involving Proceed, Proceed Ventral Patch, Prolene Hernia System and related multi-layered mesh products, as well as a number of unfiled claims. All litigation activities in the two New Jersey MCLs are stayed pending effectuation of the proposed settlement. Future cases that are filed in the New Jersey MCLs will be subject to docket control orders requiring early expert reports and discovery requirements.

The Company has established accruals with respect to product liability litigation associated with Ethicon Physiomesh Flexible Composite Mesh, PROCEED Mesh and PROCEED Ventral Patch, and PROLENE Polypropylene Hernia System products.

Innovative Medicine

RISPERDAL

Claims for personal injury have been made against Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the Company arising out of the use of RISPERDAL, and related compounds, indicated for the treatment of schizophrenia, acute manic or mixed episodes associated with bipolar I disorder and irritability associated with autism. Lawsuits primarily have been filed in state courts in Pennsylvania, California, and Missouri. Other actions are pending in various courts in the United States and Canada. The Company continues to defend RISPERDAL product liability lawsuits, and continues to evaluate potential costs related to those claims. The Company has successfully defended a number of these cases but there have been verdicts against the Company, including a verdict in October 2019 of $8.0 billion of punitive damages related to one plaintiff, which the trial judge reduced to $6.8 million in January 2020. In September 2021, the Company entered into a settlement in principle with the counsel representing plaintiffs in this matter and in substantially all of the outstanding cases in the United States. The costs associated with this and other settlements are reflected in the Company's accruals.

ELMIRON

Claims for personal injury have been made against a number of Johnson & Johnson companies, including Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the Company, arising out of the use of ELMIRON, a prescription medication indicated for the relief of bladder pain or discomfort associated with interstitial cystitis. These lawsuits, which allege that ELMIRON contributes to the development of permanent retinal injury and vision loss, have been filed in both state and federal courts across the United States. In December 2020, lawsuits filed in federal courts in the United States, including putative class action cases seeking medical monitoring, were organized as a multi-district litigation in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey (MDL). In addition, cases have been filed in various state courts of New Jersey, which have been coordinated in a multi-county litigation in Bergen County, as well as the Court of Common Pleas in Philadelphia, which have been coordinated and granted mass tort designation. In addition, three class action lawsuits have been filed in Canada. The Company continues to defend ELMIRON product liability lawsuits and continues to evaluate potential costs related to those claims. All U.S. based ELMIRON matters have been resolved or are undergoing formal review for purposes of settlement. The Company has established accruals for defense and indemnity costs associated with ELMIRON related product liability litigation.

Intellectual property

Certain subsidiaries of the Company are subject, from time to time, to legal proceedings and claims related to patent, trademark and other intellectual property matters arising out of their businesses. Many of these matters involve challenges to the scope and/or validity of patents that relate to various products and allegations that certain of the Company's products infringe the intellectual property rights of third parties. Although these subsidiaries believe that they have substantial defenses to these challenges and allegations with respect to all significant patents, there can be no assurance as to the outcome of these matters. A loss in any of these cases could adversely affect the ability of these subsidiaries to sell their products, result in loss of sales due to loss of market exclusivity, require the payment of past damages and future royalties, and may result in a non-cash impairment charge for any associated intangible asset.

Innovative Medicine - litigation against filers of abbreviated new drug applications (ANDAs)

The Company's subsidiaries have brought lawsuits against generic companies that have filed ANDAs with the U.S. FDA (or similar lawsuits outside of the United States) seeking to market generic versions of products sold by various subsidiaries of the Company prior to expiration of the applicable patents covering those products. These lawsuits typically include allegations of non-infringement and/or invalidity of patents listed in FDA's publication "Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations" (commonly known as the Orange Book). In each of these lawsuits, the Company's subsidiaries are seeking an order enjoining the defendant from marketing a generic version of a product before the expiration of the relevant patents (Orange Book Listed Patents). In the event the Company's subsidiaries are not successful in an action, or any automatic statutory stay expires before the court rulings are obtained, the generic companies involved would have the ability, upon regulatory approval, to introduce generic versions of their products to the market, resulting in the potential for substantial market share and revenue losses for the applicable products, and which may result in a non-cash impairment charge in any associated intangible asset. In addition, from time to time, the Company's subsidiaries may settle these types of actions and such settlements can involve the introduction of generic versions of the products at issue to the market prior to the expiration of the relevant patents.

The Inter Partes Review (IPR) process with the United States Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO), created under the 2011 America Invents Act, is also being used at times by generic companies in conjunction with ANDAs and lawsuits to challenge the applicable patents.

XARELTO

Beginning in March 2021, Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; Bayer Pharma AG; Bayer AG; and Bayer Intellectual Property GmbH filed patent infringement lawsuits in United States district courts against generic manufacturers who have filed ANDAs seeking approval to market generic versions of XARELTO before expiration of certain Orange Book Listed Patents. The following entities are named defendants: Dr. Reddy's Laboratories, Inc.; Dr. Reddy's Laboratories, Ltd.; Lupin Limited; Lupin Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; Taro Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd.; Taro Pharmaceuticals U.S.A., Inc.; Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc.; Mylan Pharmaceuticals Inc.; Mylan Inc.; Mankind Pharma Limited; Apotex Inc.; Apotex Corp.; Auson Pharmaceuticals Inc.; Shanghai Auson Pharmaceuticals Co. Ltd.; Cipla Ltd.; Cipla USA Inc.; InvaGen Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; Prinston Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; Ascent Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; and Hetero Labs Limited. In October 2024, the Company entered into a confidential settlement agreement with Auson Pharmaceuticals Inc. and Shanghai Auson Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd. and the case was dismissed. In November 2024, the Company entered into confidential settlement agreements with Ascent Pharmaceuticals Inc. that resulted in dismissal of litigation against Ascent Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Hetero Labs Limited. In January 2025, the Company entered into a confidential settlement agreement with Prinston Pharmaceutical, Inc. (as to U.S. Patent No. 9,539,218). The following U.S. patents are included in one or more cases: 9,539,218 and 10,828,310.

U.S. Patent No. 10,828,310 was also under consideration by the USPTO in an IPR proceeding. In July 2023, the USPTO issued a final written decision finding the claims of the patent invalid. In September 2023, Bayer Pharma AG filed an appeal to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit.

INVEGA SUSTENNA

Beginning in January 2018, Janssen Pharmaceutica NV and Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. filed patent infringement lawsuits in United States district courts against generic manufacturers who have filed ANDAs seeking approval to market generic versions of INVEGA SUSTENNA before expiration of the Orange Book Listed Patent. The following entities are named defendants: Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc.; Mylan Laboratories Limited; Pharmascience Inc.; Mallinckrodt PLC; Specgx LLC; Tolmar, Inc.; Accord Healthcare, Inc.; Qilu Pharmaceutical Co. Ltd.; and Qilu Pharma Inc. The following U.S. patent is included in one or more cases: 9,439,906. In October 2020, the district court issued a decision in the case against Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc., finding that United States Patent No. 9,439,906 is not invalid. Teva previously stipulated to infringement. Teva appealed the decision, and, in April 2024, the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit vacated and remanded the case to the district court for further proceedings. In November 2024, the district court issued its decision on remand, finding that United States Patent No. 9,439,906 is not invalid. Teva appealed to the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit, and oral argument is scheduled for April 2025. In February 2024, the district court issued a decision in the case against Tolmar Inc. finding that United States Patent No. 9,439,906 is not invalid. Tolmar previously stipulated to infringement. Tolmar has appealed the decision.

Beginning in February 2018, Janssen Inc. and Janssen Pharmaceutica NV initiated a Statement of Claim under Section 6 of the Patented Medicines (Notice of Compliance) Regulations against generic manufacturers who have filed ANDSs seeking approval to market generic versions of INVEGA SUSTENNA before expiration of the listed patent. The following entities are named defendants: Pharmascience Inc. and Apotex Inc. The following Canadian patent is included in one or more cases: 2,655,335. In June 2024, the Supreme Court dismissed the Apotex case. In September 2024, the Supreme Court granted Pharmascience's motion to appeal the Federal Court's decision that the 2,655,335 Patent is not invalid.

INVEGA TRINZA

Beginning in September 2020, Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Janssen Pharmaceutica NV, and Janssen Research & Development, LLC filed patent infringement lawsuits in United States district courts against generic manufacturers who have filed ANDAs seeking approval to market generic versions of INVEGA TRINZA before expiration of the Orange Book Listed Patent. The following entities are named defendants: Mylan Laboratories Limited; Mylan Pharmaceuticals Inc.; and Mylan Institutional LLC. The following U.S. patent is included in one or more cases: 10,143,693. In May 2023, the District Court issued a decision finding that Mylan's proposed generic product infringes the asserted patent and that the patent is not invalid. Mylan has appealed the decision. Oral argument before the Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit was held in February 2025.

SYMTUZA

Beginning in November 2021, Janssen Products, L.P., Janssen Sciences Ireland Unlimited Company, Gilead Sciences, Inc. and Gilead Sciences Ireland UC filed patent infringement lawsuits in United States district courts against generic manufacturers who have filed ANDAs seeking approval to market generic versions of SYMTUZA before expiration of certain Orange Book Listed Patents. The following entities are named defendants: Lupin Limited; Lupin Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; MSN Laboratories Private Ltd.; MSN Life Sciences Private Ltd.; MSN Pharmaceuticals Inc.; Apotex Inc.; and Apotex Corp. The following U.S. patents are included in one or more cases: 10,039,718 and 10,786,518. A trial is scheduled to begin in February 2025.

ERLEADA

Beginning in May 2022, Aragon Pharmaceuticals, Inc., Janssen Biotech, Inc. (collectively, Janssen), Sloan Kettering Institute for Cancer Research (SKI) and The Regents of the University of California filed patent infringement lawsuits in United States district courts against generic manufacturers who have filed ANDAs seeking approval to market generic versions of ERLEADA before expiration of certain Orange Book Listed Patents. The following entities are named defendants: Zydus Worldwide DMCC; Zydus Pharmaceuticals (USA), Inc.; Zydus Lifesciences Limited; Hetero Labs Limited Unit V; and Hetero USA, Inc. The following U.S. patents are included in one or more cases: 9,481,663; 9,884,054; 10,052,314 (which reissued as RE49,353); 10,702,508; 10,849,888; 8,445,507; 8,802,689; 9,388,159; 9,987,261; RE49,353; and 11,963,952. In October 2024, Janssen, The Regents of the University of California, SKI, Hetero Labs Limited Unit V, and Hetero USA, Inc. entered into a confidential settlement, and the case was dismissed. In November 2024, Janssen, The Regents of the University of California, Zydus Worldwide DMCC, Zydus Pharmaceuticals (USA), Inc., and Zydus Lifesciences Limited entered into confidential settlements, and the cases were dismissed.

SPRAVATO

Beginning in May 2023, Janssen Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and Janssen Pharmaceutica NV filed patent infringement lawsuits in United States district courts against generic manufacturers who have filed ANDAs seeking approval to market generic versions of SPRAVATO before expiration of certain Orange Book Listed Patents. The following entities are named defendants: Sandoz Inc.; Hikma Pharmaceuticals Inc. USA; Hikma Pharmaceuticals PLC; and Alkem Laboratories Ltd. The following U.S. patents are included in one or more cases: 10,869,844; 11,173,134; 11,311,500; and 11,446,260.

INVOKANA

Beginning in January 2024, Janssen Inc. and Mitsubishi Tanabe Pharma Corporation initiated Statements of Claim under Section 6 of the Patented Medicines (Notice of Compliance) Regulations against generic manufacturers who filed ANDSs seeking approval to market generic versions of INVOKANA before expiration of the listed patents. The following entities are named defendants: Jamp Pharma Corporation and Apotex Inc. The following Canadian patents are included in one or more cases: 2,534,024 and 2,671,357. Trial in the Jamp action is scheduled for September 2025, and trial in the Apotex action is scheduled for December 2025.

MedTech

In March 2016, Abiomed, Inc. (Abiomed) filed a declaratory judgment action against Maquet Cardiovascular LLC (Maquet) in U.S. District Court for the District of Massachusetts seeking a declaration that the Impella does not infringe certain Maquet patents, currently U.S. Patent Nos. 7,022,100 ('100); 8,888,728; 9,327,068; 9,545,468; 9,561,314; and 9,597,437. Maquet counterclaimed for infringement of each of those patents. After claim construction, Maquet alleged infringement of only the '100 patent. In September 2021, the court granted Abiomed's motion for summary judgment of non-infringement of the '100 patent, and in September 2023, the district court entered final judgment in favor of Abiomed on all patents-in-suit. Maquet appealed.

Government proceedings

Like other companies in the pharmaceutical and medical technologies industries, the Company and certain of its subsidiaries are subject to extensive regulation by national, state and local government agencies in the United States and other countries in which they operate. Such regulation has been the basis of government investigations and litigations. The most significant litigation brought by, and investigations conducted by, government agencies are listed below. It is possible that criminal charges and substantial fines and/or civil penalties or damages could result from government investigations or litigation.

MedTech

In July 2018, the Public Prosecution Service in Rio de Janeiro and representatives from the Brazilian antitrust authority CADE inspected the offices of more than 30 companies including Johnson & Johnson do Brasil Indústria e Comércio de Produtos para Saúde Ltda. The authorities appear to be investigating allegations of possible anti-competitive behavior and possible improper payments in the medical device industry. The Company continues to respond to inquiries regarding the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act from the United States Department of Justice (DOJ) and the United States Securities and Exchange Commission. The Company has been informed DOJ has closed its investigation.

In July 2023, the DOJ issued Civil Investigative Demands to the Company, Johnson & Johnson Surgical Vision, Inc., and Johnson & Johnson Vision Care, Inc. (collectively, J&J Vision) in connection with a civil investigation under the False Claims Act relating to free or discounted intraocular lenses and equipment used in eye surgery, such as phacoemulsification and laser systems. J&J Vision has begun producing documents and information responsive to the Civil Investigative Demands. J&J Vision is in ongoing discussions with the DOJ regarding its inquiry.

Innovative Medicine

In July 2016, the Company and Janssen Products, LP were served with a qui tam complaint pursuant to the False Claims Act filed in the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey alleging the off-label promotion of two HIV products, PREZISTA and INTELENCE, and anti-kickback violations in connection with the promotion of these products. The complaint was filed under seal in December 2012. The federal and state governments have declined to intervene, and the lawsuit is being prosecuted by the relators. The Court denied summary judgment on all claims in December 2021. Daubert motions were granted in part and denied in part in January 2022, and trial commenced in May 2024. On June 13, 2024, a jury found no liability regarding the anti-kickback violations but found liability for a portion of the off-label promotion claims. The Company is pursuing post-trial briefing challenging the verdict on the off-label claims.

In March 2017, Janssen Biotech, Inc. (JBI) received a Civil Investigative Demand from the United States Department of Justice regarding a False Claims Act investigation concerning management and advisory services provided to rheumatology and gastroenterology practices that purchased REMICADE or SIMPONI ARIA. In August 2019, the United States Department of Justice notified JBI that it was closing the investigation. Subsequently, the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts unsealed a qui tam False Claims Act complaint, which was served on the Company. The Department of Justice had declined to intervene in the qui tam lawsuit in August 2019. The Company filed a motion to dismiss, which was granted in part and denied in part. Discovery is underway.

General litigation

The Company or its subsidiaries are also parties to various proceedings brought under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act, commonly known as Superfund, and comparable state, local or foreign laws in which the primary relief sought is the Company's agreement to implement remediation activities at designated hazardous waste sites or to reimburse the government or third parties for the costs they have incurred in performing remediation as such sites.

In October 2017, certain United States service members and their families brought a complaint against a number of pharmaceutical and medical devices companies, including Johnson & Johnson and certain of its subsidiaries in United States District Court for the District of Columbia, alleging that the defendants violated the United States Anti-Terrorism Act. The complaint alleges that the defendants provided funding for terrorist organizations through their sales practices pursuant to pharmaceutical and medical device contracts with the Iraqi Ministry of Health. In July 2020, the District Court dismissed the complaint. In January 2022, the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit reversed the District Court's decision. In June 2023, defendants filed a petition for a writ of certiorari to the United States Supreme Court. In June 2024, the Supreme Court vacated the D.C. Circuit's decision and remanded the case to the D.C. Circuit. Oral argument was held in November 2024.

In February 2024, a putative class action was filed against the Company, the Pension & Benefits Committee of Johnson & Johnson (Committee), and certain named officers and employees, in United States District Court for the District of New Jersey. In May 2024, the plaintiff filed an amended complaint against the Company and the Committee. The complaint alleges that defendants breached fiduciary duties under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) by allegedly mismanaging the Company's prescription-drug benefits program. The complaint seeks damages and other relief. In January 2025, the Court granted in part and denied in part defendants' motion to dismiss.

MedTech

In October 2020, Fortis Advisors LLC (Fortis), in its capacity as representative of the former stockholders of Auris Health Inc. (Auris), filed a complaint against the Company, Ethicon Inc., and certain named officers and employees (collectively, Ethicon) in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware. The complaint alleges breach of contract, fraud, and other causes of action against Ethicon in connection with Ethicon's acquisition of Auris in 2019. The complaint seeks damages and other relief. In December 2021, the Court granted in part and denied in part defendants' motion to dismiss certain causes of action. All claims against the individual defendants were dismissed. The trial occurred in January 2024. In September 2024, the court found liability with respect to certain claims and no liability with respect to other claims. The Company has appealed the decision.

In October 2019, Innovative Health, LLC filed a complaint against Biosense Webster, Inc (BWI) in the United States District Court for the Central District of California. The complaint alleges that certain of BWI's business practices and contractual terms violate the antitrust laws of the United States and the State of California by restricting competition in the sale of High Density Mapping Catheters and Ultrasound Catheters. Trial is scheduled for April 2025.

Innovative Medicine

In June 2019, the United States Federal Trade Commission (FTC) issued a Civil Investigative Demand to the Company and Janssen Biotech, Inc. (collectively, Janssen) in connection with its investigation of whether Janssen's REMICADE contracting practices violate federal antitrust laws. The Company has produced documents and information responsive to the Civil Investigative Demand. Janssen is in ongoing discussions with the FTC staff regarding its inquiry.

In February 2022, the United States Federal Trade Commission (FTC) issued Civil Investigative Demands to Johnson & Johnson and Janssen Biotech, Inc. (collectively, Janssen) in connection with its investigation of whether advertising practices for REMICADE violate federal law. Janssen has produced documents and information responsive to the Civil Investigative Demands. In January 2025, the FTC Bureau of Consumer Protection informed Janssen that it was closing its investigation.

In October 2018, two separate putative class actions were filed against Actelion Pharmaceutical Ltd., Actelion Pharmaceuticals U.S., Inc., and Actelion Clinical Research, Inc. (collectively Actelion) in United States District Court for the District of Maryland and United States District Court for the District of Columbia. The complaints allege that Actelion violated state and federal antitrust and unfair competition laws by allegedly refusing to supply generic pharmaceutical manufacturers with samples of TRACLEER. TRACLEER is subject to a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy required by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, which imposes restrictions on distribution of the product. In January 2019, the plaintiffs dismissed the District of Columbia case and filed a consolidated complaint in the United States District Court for the District of Maryland. In September 2024, the district court granted plaintiff's motion for class certification. Trial is scheduled for March 2026.

In December 2023, a putative class action lawsuit was filed against the Company and Janssen Biotech Inc. (collectively Janssen) in the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia. The complaint alleges that Janssen violated federal and state antitrust laws and other state laws by delaying biosimilar competition with STELARA through Janssen's enforcement of patent rights covering STELARA. The complaint seeks damages and other relief. In February 2024, plaintiffs filed an amended complaint, which Janssen moved to dismiss in March 2024. In August 2024, the court granted in part and denied in part Janssen's motion to dismiss.

In December 2018, Janssen Biotech, Inc., Janssen Oncology, Inc., Janssen Research & Development, LLC, and Johnson & Johnson (collectively, Janssen) were served with a qui tam complaint on behalf of the United States, certain states, and the District of Columbia. The complaint alleges that Janssen violated the federal False Claims Act and state law when providing pricing information for ZYTIGA to the government in connection with direct sales and reimbursement programs. At this time, the federal and state governments have declined to intervene. In December 2021, the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey denied Janssen's motion to dismiss.

20. Restructuring

In fiscal 2023, the Company commenced restructuring actions within its Innovative Medicine and MedTech segments. The amounts and details of the current year programs are included below.

In fiscal 2023, the Company completed a prioritization of its research and development (R&D) investment within its Innovative Medicine segment to focus on the most promising medicines with the greatest benefit to patients. This resulted in the exit of certain programs within certain therapeutic areas. The R&D program exits are primarily in infectious diseases and vaccines including the discontinuation of its respiratory syncytial virus (RSV) adult vaccine program, hepatitis and HIV development. Pre-tax Restructuring expenses of $0.1 billion in the fiscal year 2024, included the termination of partnered and non-partnered development program costs, asset impairments and asset divestments. Pre-tax Restructuring expenses of $0.5 billion in the fiscal year 2023, included the termination of partnered and non-partnered development program costs and asset impairments. Total project costs of approximately $0.6 billion have been recorded since the restructuring was announced. The program was completed in the fiscal fourth quarter of 2024.

In fiscal 2023, the Company initiated a restructuring program of its Orthopaedics franchise within the MedTech segment to streamline operations by exiting certain markets, product lines and distribution network arrangements. The pre-tax restructuring expense of $0.2 billion in the fiscal year 2024 primarily included costs related to market and product exits. The pre-tax restructuring expense of $0.3 billion in the fiscal year 2023 primarily included inventory and instrument charges related to market and product exits. Total project costs of approximately $0.5 billion have been recorded since the restructuring was announced. The estimated costs of the total program are between $0.7 billion - $0.8 billion and is expected to be completed by the end of fiscal year 2025.

The following table summarizes the restructuring expenses for the fiscal years 2024 and 2023: (1)The fiscal year of 2024 included $102 million in Restructuring on the Consolidated Statement of Earnings. The fiscal year of 2023 included $449 million in Restructuring and $30 million in Cost of products sold on the Consolidated Statement of Earnings.

(2)The fiscal year of 2024 included $132 million in Restructuring and $35 million in Cost of products sold on the Consolidated Statement of Earnings. The fiscal year of 2023 Included $40 million in Restructuring and $279 million in Cost of products sold on the Consolidated Statement of Earnings.

Restructuring reserves as of December 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were insignificant.

21. Kenvue separation and discontinued operations

The results of the Consumer Health business (previously reported as a separate business segment) have been reflected as discontinued operations in the Company's consolidated statements of earnings as Net earnings from discontinued operations, net of taxes through August 23, 2023, the date of the exchange offer. Prior periods have been recast to reflect this presentation.

On May 15, 2024, the Company issued $3.6 billion aggregate principal amount of commercial paper and received $3.6 billion of net cash proceeds to be used for general corporate purposes. On May 17, 2024, the Company completed a Debt-for-Equity Exchange of its remaining 182,329,550 shares of Kenvue Common Stock for the outstanding Commercial Paper. Upon completion of the Debt-for-Equity Exchange, the Commercial Paper was satisfied and discharged and the Company no longer owns any shares of Kenvue Common Stock. This exchange resulted in a loss of approximately $0.4 billion recorded in Other (income) expense.

On May 8, 2023, Kenvue, completed an initial public offering (the IPO) resulting in the issuance of 198,734,444 shares of its common stock, par value $0.01 per share (the "Kenvue Common Stock"), at an initial public offering of $22.00 per share for net proceeds of $4.2 billion. The excess of the net proceeds from the IPO over the net book value of the Johnson & Johnson divested interest was $2.5 billion and was recorded to additional paid-in capital. As of the closing of the IPO, Johnson & Johnson owned approximately 89.6% of the total outstanding shares of Kenvue Common Stock and at July 2, 2023, the non-controlling interest of $1.3 billion associated with Kenvue was reflected in equity attributable to non-controlling interests in the consolidated balance sheet in the fiscal second quarter of 2023.

On August 23, 2023, Johnson & Johnson completed the disposition of an additional 80.1% ownership of Kenvue Common Stock through an exchange offer, which resulted in Johnson & Johnson acquiring 190,955,436 shares of the Company's common stock in exchange for 1,533,830,450 shares of Kenvue Common Stock. The $31.4 billion of Johnson & Johnson common stock received in the exchange offer is recorded in Treasury stock. Following the exchange offer, the Company owned 9.5% of the total outstanding shares of Kenvue Common Stock that was recorded in other assets within continuing operations at the fair market value of $4.3 billion as of August 23, 2023. Subsequent changes are reflected in other income/expense and amounted to $0.4 billion expense through December 31, 2023.

Johnson & Johnson divested net assets of $11.6 billion as of August 23, 2023, and the accumulated other comprehensive loss attributable to the Consumer Health business at that date was $4.3 billion. Additionally, at the date of the exchange offer, Johnson & Johnson decreased the non-controlling interest by $1.2 billion to record the deconsolidation of Kenvue. This resulted in a non-cash gain on the exchange offer of $21.0 billion that was recorded in Net earnings from discontinued operations, net of taxes in the consolidated statements of earnings for the fiscal third quarter of 2023. This one-time gain includes a gain of $2.8 billion on the Kenvue Common Stock retained by Johnson & Johnson. The gain on the exchange offer qualifies as a tax-free transaction for U.S. federal income tax purposes.

Also in connection with the separation, Johnson & Johnson and Kenvue entered into a separation agreement and also entered into various other agreements that provide for certain transactions to effect the transfer of the assets and liabilities of the Consumer Health business to Kenvue and to govern various interim and ongoing relationships between Kenvue and Johnson & Johnson following the completion of the Kenvue IPO, including transition services agreements (TSAs), transition manufacturing agreements (TMAs), trademark agreements, intellectual property agreements, an employee matters agreement, and a tax matters agreement. Under the TSAs, Johnson & Johnson will provide Kenvue various services and, similarly, Kenvue will provide Johnson & Johnson various services. The provision of services under the TSAs generally will terminate within 24 months following the Kenvue IPO. Additionally, Johnson & Johnson and Kenvue entered into TMAs pursuant to which Johnson & Johnson will manufacture and supply to Kenvue certain products and, similarly, Kenvue will manufacture and supply to Johnson & Johnson certain products. The terms of the TMAs range in initial duration from 3 months to 5 years.

Amounts related to the TSAs and TMAs included in the consolidated statements of earnings were immaterial for both fiscal years 2024 and 2023. Additionally, the amounts due to and from Kenvue for the above agreements was not material as of December 31, 2023.

The results of the Consumer Health business (previously reported as a separate business segment), as well as the associated gain, have been reflected as discontinued operations in the Company's consolidated statements of earnings as Net earnings from discontinued operations, net of taxes. As a result of the separation of Kenvue, Johnson & Johnson incurred separation costs of $145 million in the fiscal year 2024, which was included in Net Earnings and incurred separation costs of $986 million and $1,089 million in the fiscal years 2023 and 2022, respectively, which were included in Net earnings from discontinued operations, net of taxes. These costs were primarily related to external advisory, legal, accounting, contractor and other incremental costs directly related to separation activities. In the fiscal 2022, as part of the planned separation of the Company's Consumer Health business, the Company recognized approximately $0.5 billion in net incremental tax costs.

Details of Net Earnings from Discontinued Operations, net of taxes are as follows: (1)The Company ceased consolidating the results of the Consumer Health business on August 23, 2023, the date of the exchange offer, but continued to reflect any separation costs incurred as part of discontinued operations through the end of the fiscal fourth quarter.

The following table presents depreciation, amortization and capital expenditures of the discontinued operations related to Kenvue:

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of Johnson & Johnson

Opinions on the Financial Statements and Internal Control over Financial Reporting

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Johnson & Johnson and its subsidiaries (the "Company") as of December 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and the related consolidated statements of earnings, of comprehensive income, of equity and of cash flows for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended December 29, 2024, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the "consolidated financial statements"). We also have audited the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 29, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO).

In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 29, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three fiscal years in the period ended December 29, 2024 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Also in our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 29, 2024, based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the COSO.

Basis for Opinions

The Company's management is responsible for these consolidated financial statements, for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting, and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management's report on internal control over financial reporting. Our responsibility is to express opinions on the Company's consolidated financial statements and on the Company's internal control over financial reporting based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud, and whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects.

Our audits of the consolidated financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. Our audit of internal control over financial reporting included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk. Our audits also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions.

As described in Management's report on internal control over financial reporting, management has excluded Shockwave Medical, Inc., ("Shockwave") from its assessment of internal control over financial reporting as of December 29, 2024 because it was acquired by the Company in a purchase business combination during 2024. We have also excluded Shockwave from our audit of internal control over financial reporting. Shockwave is a wholly-owned subsidiary whose total assets and total sales excluded from management's assessment and our audit of internal control over financial reporting represent less than 1% of each of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2024.

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting

A company's internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company's internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Critical Audit Matters

The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate.

U.S. Innovative Medicine Rebate Reserves - Managed Care, Medicare and Medicaid

As described in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company recognizes revenue from product sales when obligations under the terms of a contract with the customer are satisfied. Rebates and discounts provided to customers are accounted for as variable consideration and recorded as a reduction in sales. The liability for such rebates and discounts is recognized within Accrued rebates, returns, and promotions on the consolidated balance sheet. A significant portion of the liability related to rebates is from the sale of pharmaceutical products within the U.S., primarily the Managed Care, Medicare and Medicaid programs, which amounted to $12.3 billion as of December 29, 2024. For significant rebate programs, which include the U.S. Managed Care, Medicare and Medicaid rebate programs, rebates and discounts estimated by management are based on contractual terms, historical experience, patient outcomes, trend analysis, and projected market conditions in the various markets served.

The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to U.S. Innovative Medicine rebate reserves - Managed Care, Medicare and Medicaid is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management due to the significant measurement uncertainty when developing the estimate of these reserves and (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating the assumptions related to contractual terms, historical experience, patient outcomes, trend analysis, and projected market conditions in the U.S. pharmaceutical market.

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management's estimate of the U.S. Innovative Medicine rebate reserves - Managed Care, Medicare and Medicaid, including controls over the assumptions used to estimate these rebates. These procedures also included, among others (i) developing an independent estimate of the rebates by utilizing third party information on price and market conditions in the U.S. pharmaceutical market, the terms of the specific rebate programs, and the historical experience and trend analysis of actual rebate claims paid; (ii) testing, on a sample basis, rebate claims processed by the Company, including evaluating those claims for consistency with the contractual and mandated terms of the Company's rebate arrangements; and (iii) comparing the independent estimates to management's estimates to evaluate the reasonableness of management's estimates.

Litigation Contingencies - Talc

As described in Notes 1 and 19 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company records accruals for loss contingencies associated with legal matters, including talc, when it is probable that a liability will be incurred and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. To the extent adverse awards, judgments, or verdicts have been rendered against the Company, management does not record an accrual until a loss is determined to be probable and can be reasonably estimated. For these matters, management is unable to estimate the possible loss or range of loss beyond the amounts accrued. Amounts accrued for legal contingencies often result from a complex series of judgments about future events and uncertainties that rely heavily on estimates and assumptions including timing of related payments. The ability to make such estimates and judgments can be affected by various factors, including, among other things, whether damages sought in the proceedings are unsubstantiated or indeterminate; scientific and legal discovery has not commenced or is not complete; proceedings are in early stages; matters present legal uncertainties; there are significant facts in dispute; procedural or jurisdictional issues; the uncertainty and unpredictability of the number of potential claims; ability to achieve comprehensive multi-party settlements; complexity of related cross-claims and counterclaims; and/or there are numerous parties involved. Management continues to believe that the Company has strong legal grounds to contest the talc verdicts it has appealed. Notwithstanding management's confidence in the safety of the Company's talc products, in certain circumstances the Company has settled cases. In May 2024, the Company proposed a consensual "prepackaged" Chapter 11 bankruptcy plan (the "Proposed Plan") for the final resolution of all current and future claims related to cosmetic talc in the United States, excluding claims related to mesothelioma or State consumer protection claims. In September 2024, the Company's subsidiary Red River Talc, LLC filed a voluntary petition, seeking relief under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code, in furtherance of the Company's consensual "prepackaged" Proposed Plan. As of December 29, 2024, the total present value of the reserve to resolve the talc claims is approximately $11.6 billion, of which approximately ten percent is recorded as a current liability. The recorded amount remains the Company's best estimate of probable loss. The Company is unable to estimate the possible loss or range of loss beyond the amounts accrued.

The principal considerations for our determination that performing procedures relating to the litigation contingencies - talc is a critical audit matter are (i) the significant judgment by management when assessing the likelihood of a loss being incurred for the remaining unresolved talc claims, when determining whether a reasonable estimate of the loss or range of loss for the remaining unresolved talc claims can be made, and when determining the timing of settlement payments for the remaining unresolved talc claims, and (ii) a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and effort in performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence related to management's assessment of the loss contingencies associated with the talc litigation.

Addressing the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence in connection with forming our overall opinion on the consolidated financial statements. These procedures included testing the effectiveness of controls relating to management's assessment of the litigation contingencies - talc, including controls over determining whether a loss is probable and whether the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated, as well as financial statement disclosures. These procedures also included, among others (i) gaining an understanding of the Company's process around the accounting and reporting for the talc litigation; (ii) obtaining and evaluating certain executed settlement agreements related to the talc litigation; (iii) discussing the status of significant known actual and potential litigation and settlements activity with the Company's in-house legal counsel, as well as external counsel when deemed necessary; (iv) obtaining and evaluating the letters of audit inquiry with internal and external legal counsel related to the talc litigation; (v) evaluating the reasonableness of management's assessment regarding whether an unfavorable outcome is reasonably possible or probable and reasonably estimable; and (vi) evaluating the sufficiency of the Company's litigation contingencies disclosures.

/s/PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP

Florham Park, New Jersey

February 13, 2025

We have served as the Company's auditor since at least 1920. We have not been able to determine the specific year we began serving as auditor of the Company.

Management's report on internal control over financial reporting

Under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, management is required to assess the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of the end of each fiscal year and report, based on that assessment, whether the Company's internal control over financial reporting is effective.

Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company's internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance as to the reliability of the Company's financial reporting and the preparation of external financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles.

Internal controls over financial reporting, no matter how well designed, have inherent limitations. Therefore, internal control over financial reporting determined to be effective can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation and may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Moreover, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

The Company's management has assessed the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 29, 2024. In making this assessment, the Company used the criteria established by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in "Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013)." These criteria are in the areas of control environment, risk assessment, control activities, information and communication, and monitoring. The Company's assessment included extensive documenting, evaluating and testing the design and operating effectiveness of its internal controls over financial reporting.

The Company acquired Shockwave Medical, Inc. (Shockwave), in a business combination in May 2024. Shockwave's total assets, excluding intangible assets and goodwill, and total sales represented less than 1% of each of the related consolidated financial statement amounts as of and for the fiscal year ended December 29, 2024. As the acquisition occurred in the fiscal year 2024, the scope of the Company's assessment of the design and effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting for the fiscal year 2024 excluded the above mentioned acquisition. This exclusion is in accordance with the SEC's general guidance that an assessment of a recently acquired business may be omitted from the scope in the year of acquisition.

Based on the Company's processes and assessment, as described above, management has concluded that, as of December 29, 2024, the Company's internal control over financial reporting was effective.

The effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 29, 2024 has been audited by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their report, which appears herein.

Shareholder return performance graphs Set forth below are line graphs comparing the cumulative total shareholder return on the Company's Common Stock for periods of five years and ten years ending December 31, 2024, against the cumulative total return of the Standard & Poor's 500 Stock Index, the Standard & Poor's Pharmaceutical Index and the Standard & Poor's Healthcare Equipment Index. The graphs and tables assume that $100 was invested on December 31, 2019 and December 31, 2014 in each of the Company's Common Stock, the Standard & Poor's 500 Stock Index, the Standard & Poor's Pharmaceutical Index and the Standard & Poor's Healthcare Equipment Index and that all dividends were reinvested.

5 Year Shareholder Return Performance J&J vs. Indices

10 Year Shareholder Return Performance J&J vs. Indices
